the person at the office signed the marriage certificate . before the wedding , they look at the pretty flowers . the photographer wants to get some unique shots of them . the bride made sure he also gets shots of the food . they get married , and share their first kiss .
it 's dads birthday today . the family spent a long time decorating . the family has gotten together to celebrate this occasion dad likes the gifts he has received and the dog appears to be in on the festivities the kids have gotten dad some more presents and he 's opening them . dad shows off the card his two sons made for him .
the leaves on the trees were starting to change colors . there were still a few bright colors to be seen . the boy drove his bike to the store . there was a small power station on the side of the building . the building was closed , but had just put up new signs .
the event was expected to be a huge success . and if the designated seats were any sign , there was a big day ahead . the speakers were all absolutely outstanding . one side of the audience loved what the saw and the other side likes it so much they gave a round of applause .
a man and a woman were playing rock band video game during a party . more people were taking turn playing the video . the lady wearing the pink shirt decided to stop playing the video and chatted with other guests . a man and a woman were amused looking at adults having a good time playing rock band video game . at the end of the night , guests taking pictures before saying goodbye to each other .
he ran down the stairs yelling `` i found it ! '' offering up the missing document . it was time to celebrate now that the important paper had been found . he presented an array of liquor bottles . the beer delivery was finally there . the party could get started . he wondered if anyone would be upset if he told them he really did n't like being enveloped in smoke all that much . they were feeling no pain , having sampled a bit from every one of the liquor bottles on the window sill .
here we are gathering to go into the reception . smiling for a quick photo before we go in . nothing like great food and conversation to make the reception go by faster . bride and groom taking their twirl on the dance floor . making everlasting memories . hey , getting bored around here . time to living things up by blowing up a few balloons . just need to be goofy sometimes . people are taking things a little too seriously .
it was a beautiful wedding ceremony . the ceremony was followed by a reception . we had a choice of entrees . the fish was prepared elegantly . the beef , too , was prepared in a fine manner . dessert was the best part . simple and tasty .
community run by the community center to start.it was a great turn out and amazing to see so many people participate.i do n't know how they do it.i 'd literally die running a mile . men and women from all walks of life , large and small . one mile marker..wow look at that stride . i 'm not sure of the actual distance run or who was first through the finish line.but the picture i took was at 35:32.running that long is a work out i think . many people coming in still after 35 minutes of running.they all gave it a good try and did really well .
a group of fans came together one day to celebrate the opening of a new studio for an artist . the artist provided champagne in flutes for everyone . friends toasted and cheered the artist as she opened her new studio . others ate from the buffet of hors d'oeuvres . everyone talked and had a great time with each other at the opening .
our neighborhood was having a moonlight watch party . we all bought glowsticks , so that we could all light up like moon . earlier in the day , my husband took the kids sledding . i was preparing some quick snacks for the moonlight party . i asked a couple of my neighbors to help me prepare the snack .
the family parked their airstream trailer . grandpa could n't wait to start taking pictures . the little girl just wanted to run ! she had a lot of energy ! soon , her footprints could be seen everywhere .
[female] and her friend had a night out on the town . they met a lot of friendly people and took pictures with some of them . they went to various different hot spots and partied the night away . [female] came across her one of her other friends who was also out on the town . at the end of the night they were exhausted but they also had lots of fun .
our first to location . this was the place we stayed at . this was the site from our place . we got to travel down this hil . then we had to hike up the hill again
the lincoln museum had a lot of information about his dead . it had the train car key . it had a piece of the coffin handle that had been removed . they had rope from the hanging of the conspirators . they also had a lot of books written on the subject .
ooh , [male] 's might make for a good meal . stepping in and i 'm excited for the choices . i 'm so overwhelmed by the menu options but glad that they do n't just make two things . the food looks fresh and my mouth is getting watery . finally i have my food and i 'm ready to pig out .
no one cared about the parade , so police assistance was lax to say the least . the marchers in the parade took everything seriously . unfortunately , no one came to watch them . the only feedback was from someone living nearby complaining about the sound of drumming . the mayor began to give a speech , but when a breeze came by and blew it away , he had to improvise .
today we went to the lake and attended a 4th fair . after we headed to the dock . we jumped in the water to take a swim and our friends went canoeing . after we went back to the fair to watch the fireworks show . we then went back to my house and had a party and had a fourth of july dessert .
the conference was well attended and the audience was engaged . dynamic speakers presented topics on technology . executives from organization ! addressed the audience . then they heard from executives from organization . after a fulfilling day , everyone knew that they loved the internet even more !
arriving at the halloween bash , the man was excited ! lots of people dressed up this year ! there were silly costumes . there were also extravagant ones . everyone was having a fun halloween .
together . celebrating at our engagement party . this is my husband to be . he always makes me smile . my mother and father are sharing this special moment with me . i think we make a cute couple . we will always be happy .
this is where our family stayed on vacation . we stopped to gas up and could n't believe the price of gas here ! we were all so hungry we stopped at the local organization for a quick dinner . we checked out this place called `` the lakeside '' it was pretty fancy . this was the christmas tree in the lobby of our motel , they were getting into the christmas spirit .
we were asked to join in the local parade in location . they gave us some robes we could wear and keep . as we prepared , the streets filled up with people . we chatted and got to know each other as we waited for it to start . our role was to carry a palanquin through the streets . afterwards , we celebrated with some drinks and watched the rest of the parade .
[male] and [male] are talented artists . they decided to throw a party so friends could come over and see their artwork . the party goers were most impressed with how beautifully decorated the apartment was for the big event . they had some snacks , drinks , and chatted a bit before admiring more of the beautiful sculptures in other rooms . they loved the warm glow of the lights on the giant crucifix . it was a favorite of the guests . the party was so successful [male] and [male] had to end it before guests decided to crash on [male] 's elegant and very comfy bed !
the bride was driving to the wedding . the church where the wedding was being held was so beautiful . after the wedding photos were taken with the bride and groom . then a photo to show there new rings . as the nite drew to a close the two enjoyed each other .
we wanted to get closer to nature so we took a grass pathway . we got to the shaded area under some trees . a few miles away was a lake that we really enjoyed watching . my friend found this patch of grass . i was really amazed at the complexity of the trees .
picnic day with the family , this is gon na be fun . here i am grilling these kids up some hot dogs . the kids are so well behaved , patiently waiting for the food . well , some of them are well behaved lol . he 's too cute , he loves my cooking .
governor [male] had an event scheduled . when he arrived at his event he was escorted in by military men . he went to the serving line and ordered some food . he even have the server a tip . the governor have a speech about healthcare . after speech he stayed and talked to local people about their concerns . as few of the residents presented him with a jacket to show their appreciation .
the group of friends decided to play a drinking game , they got their cups , and they started filling them up . [male] got the funnel out and then he got his wife to try it . it was a great night filled with alcohol and laughs .
the lighthouse was tall and white . there were a lot of people gathered in town . some men were showing demonstrations . some of the areas were really interesting to walk through . in all the stone and gray around , it was nice to see some color .
the party had the normal party elements of music and drinking . some of the guests partied harder than others . a few of the guests were lost and in found themselves in the wrong place . normal party activities included drinking too much . maybe driving home is not such a great idea .
we took the kids to a science museum . they got to play with education , hands on . the instructors were eager to talk to them about their specialities . there was an egg machine that would tell if they were fertilized or now . the body fat exhibit was a favorite for the boys who thought it was funny .
[female] presented her experience running a retail store this morning to business students . she started off with personal experiences . she opened up the discussion to the students . one of the questioners was a former employee that was let go . it made [female] realize what a small world it truly is .
we spent the weekend at the lake . first we went swimming from the dock . diving and swimming . we stayed in our family cabin . the views from the shore are beautiful . we spent the evenings relaxing and enjoying the great outdoors .
the park was filled with beauty . there was a stream beneath rocks . and wooden structures that supported plants . the two wondered how to spend the afternoon in such a serene place . they opted for a nap .
i went to a little aquatic zoo today . the first thing i saw was this huge turtle . this gecko was n't part of the aquarium but i saw it walking around . they even had various seafood around to feed the bigger aquatic mammals . i managed to get this souvenir turtle !
a horse drawn wagon prepares to assist in a western themed funeral . the family of the deceased takes a group photo at the funeral home . the casket is rolled out of the funeral home . the casket it loaded onto the old wagon . horses replace cars as the funeral procession travels down the street .
we were on our way to the party we were so excited to have arrived there people of all ages were having a good time . it was nice having everyone gather together . then some guy started singing .
i absolutely love photographing natures beauty i pointed my camera up to take this photo look at this beautiful shot i took of the flower this was shot as i walked through the woods i loved walking through the cave to take this one
i own a four-acre four in location location , location . we grow a lot of corn and tomatoes , but also have a good deal of open terrain . on the weekends i sell our vegetables at a local market . the market features a statue of location 's first governor on the outside of the building . if you look at the building from afar , it 's pretty plain .
we had a lot of work to do today . there were many service members there . i had a great time at the office . i was escorted back home . they were very serious .
i got the opportunity to take a tour of a 16th century church . the church had huge stained glass panels that were amazing . the glass panels had many different depictions of scenes from the bible . i was amazed at the attention to detail in the panels . my favorite was the glass panel at the back of the church that took up the entire wall .
there was a bicycle event today . some of the bikers even dressed up . this one in particular dressed up as a werewolf . other people had funny looking outfits as well . overall , it was a fun experience .
we approached the property that was to be our vacation home . a nice tall hedge tunnel leads from back yard to garden . also a large hallway on one side of house . an awesome looking view from this window . yet more hallways to venture down and explore .
what a blessed event our marriage was , with our parents by our side . we all danced at the reception , though some of the kids were shy to dance . that 's the family portrait . three generations , we are blessed . that 's me . i have great reason to smile ! champagne , a limo . next stop , honeymoon .
we went to the big city in the winter and saw a gorgeous snow city . we made tracks in the snow on a romantic walk . we found a breathtaking bridge with snow covered on it . the snow on the trees was awesome to see in the park . we spent a few hours building a snowman and putting a hat on him .
he 's clearly pleased with the prospect of being treated to a meal . and because the meal was on me , he ordered liberally . this was just the appetizer . he could n't take my request to take a picture of the occasion seriously . afterwards , we decided to walk off the meal by visiting a local street fair . we did not , however , succumb to the temptation of live nude dancing . at least not on this afternoon .
visiting and moving into new apartment . checking out the kitchen . new bedroom backslash made out of bricks . cool square lighting in the living room . fire escape plans , and emergency exit .
we took a walk through a historic park . this sign was interesting . i wonder what people would be digging for ? so serene here though . location location , location . this plaque explains some history . this stone was etched with this beautiful phrase .
i was on a mission last weekend to rescue the princess . i had to seek out a source that had vital intel on the whereabouts of the princess . on the way i met some resistance . but i was able to take down all of my opponents . i found the princess in the end and she was very glad i rescued her .
love this style of french location . very cool designs are so comfortable and inviting . i do n't like traffic circles much though . these look creepy in black and white though . is n't this just the greatest ? i could live here forever .
we arrived at the festival looking forward to an enjoyable day . this man had an interesting display of grass for the lawn . [male] wanted to be sure and enter the contest , maybe he will get lucky . these ladies wanted to show the programs they signed up for a good cause . [male] and [female] picked up some plants that will go nicely in their yard .
[male] went on an expedition recently to the mountains of location . [male] 's friend [male] went with him on the expedition . they came across an enormous waterfall that took their breath away . while walking a trail they could see a vast mountain in the background . after the expedition was over [male] was ready to get home and rest up and reflect on his experience .
[male] won the running race at the special olympics . [male] finally made it over the bar . [male] blasted the ball during the softball . [male] loves to swim for competition . [male] tries to direct the ball during the tennis match .
several people showed up for the lawn game party . everyone is chatting awhile before the lawn games start . i guess we will be first up . here we are all set to start . let the games begin !
i sat at the table waiting for everyone to finish making the food for me . i had my friend come and light some candles . they also made me some drinks . i did some reading while i waited . i was starving when they finally brought the food .
friends of all sizes decided to goof off today . the drinks they had may have had something to do with it . interesting facial expressions were made . funny faces could not be controlled . even goofy outfits appeared .
the moon was in the sky . so were the flying hot dogs ! but the hot dogs were actually alien warships . and they released their bombs over a crowd . good thing i was n't there to get hit by them !
today was graduation day for organization organization organization . all of the students were to be graduated on the football field . [female] was graduated and she is very happy about it . here she is with her mother her father could n't be prouder of her . maybe now she can get out of the house ! `` you 're next sis ! '' [female] said to [female] . [female] was not amused .
here are our basketball tryouts for 2015 girls and boys basketball . these are some great players this year . they are gon na work hard to earn a trophy . here are the guys and they are every bit good and hyper to play . look at those moves . the skills on these guys will prove we will prevail both boys and girls . here are the cheerleaders cheering them on in there free time .
i went to a party last night . all my friends were there . we played games . one friend brought his guitar and played . we had so much fun together and we laughed all night..
it was a bright sunny day in the city the city had a beautiful landscape with many statues and beautiful buildings the beach was stunning overall this place was very interesting to visit
the photographer of the series thought quite abstractly . she did portraits , but only in black in white . many of her photographs were simply patterns and she rarely offered explanations of why she chose to put these on display . the people she photographed seemed to have vibrant personalities that brought light to the pictures . the rare color photograph she took was still quite unusual .
these men are hard workers and are trying their best to get ahead in life . they work on a car engine trying to get it to work correctly . the men dig and pick at the ground trying to get it flat . they also clean their guns and make sure they have ammunition . they are ready for whatever the day brings .
today was our botany hike , we planned to take pictures of all sorts of stuff . we found a cool berry , not sure what it is , bu it looked pretty . mandatory banana slug picture , you 'll see one on every hike . we found a cool little succulent plant growing on a rocky area . although we did n't see many flowering plants , we found these two species all over the forest floor .
i started the night with a trip to panera . i ordered a delicious lettuce sandwich and a bowl of beans . then i made a trip to the storage facility , where i was greeted by cutouts of [male] rabbit and [male] hoskins . i had to dig through a lot of my belongings to get what i was really after . finally , i found it : a plain wooden table .
as i sat down in my office , i could n't let go of my pen i kept on signing books and stacks of books it was so addictive that i did n't realize my pen was n't writing after all said and done , my books were ready for display at the end of the day my signature was on every material around at the book festival
the basketball game was very exciting . there were many good players there . i had a great time watching . it was a very close game . i 'm very glad that i went .
everyone though that grandma 's recipe was passed down , but it really came from a book . she would spend hours mixing ingredients to the recipe . she heated the oven to just the right temperature . she served it up just how everyone liked it . the family cut it up and enjoyed the meal unaware of the lie grandma was selling them year after year .
it was time for the navaro actors yearly guild meeting . [male] and [male] took the stage and started the talk . [male] was n't too happy about this because he had wanted to be one of the starters . [female] and kit enjoyed the starters though . [female] just was n't amused . she had had a bad day and just was n't feeling it .
we decided to go to the amusement part for the day . the kids were able to pass the regulations and go on the rides . some of the rides were very loopy . or even downright scary . and littering the ground , all over the park , were these strange-looking plants .
we took the kids out to she the muppets.for there were a lot of people there . my little daughter was amazed ! little [male] showing off his dance moves . photo op !
the wife brought flowers for this special event . the coworkers of the company created a video to thank its ceo . the ceo announced his retirement . he told everybody that his son would replace him . he posed with his employees afterwards .
looks like we 're in the front row ! the girls enjoying their time . look ! an anti-onion ring ! since we ca n't really see the court , we can at least watch it on the jumbo-tron . she 's kissing me ?
the marching band played a beautiful melody . there were even supporters that came out from a hotel . the event was very loud and important . we even saw a [male] member of a church to support the gathering . even if somebody is [male] , they can make mistakes .
when i woke up i was really hungry . i decided to go and grab some breakfast . i had to walk to the restaurant . it was not a long walk . i stopped at some shops along the way .
the people are on there way to a funeral with the horses . the lady is crying because of the death of a family member . the burial spot has been dugg and the body is being laid to rest . while the two little ladies is talking about the death . while the preacher is preaching the last anfdfinal words of the funeral .
friends gathered for a halloween party . some of the costumes showed very little effort on the part of some of the party goers . other party goers did not have costumes at all , and they were not smiling much . then there were the people who tried to put on a good show and they seemed very happy . a group of people put a lot of effort into their costumes , living up to the spirit of the halloween party .
we are having a meeting today on rules and regulations . the committee has gathered for the first time this year we are all getting ready to talk . once we are seated the speakers take the stage . then the board starts to make a ruling on the desicions
my first party in the dorm ! there was a very loud band called `` very loud band . '' my friend [female] had enough . she took my hand and led me to the kitchen where we could hear . [male] and [male] cornered me and asked me out on a date with them both . i freaked out and ran into the hallway . party ! they screamed . we all danced until passed out .
the man is out for a walk after a fresh snow fall . he notices some odd graffiti on the walls of the coffee house that he visits often . he stops to pet a dog . he continues on his walk only to notice more graffiti on the fences surrounding the school . he walks back through the forest to emerge on the pathway behind his home .
we were proud of the alcohol we had next to the window . we bought a lot of alcohol from the grocery store . we were preparing for the night . the guests enjoyed the alcohol we brought . lastly , this couple got intimate at night .
this was my graduation program for our school . the graduating class was small . i was so happy to finally get my degree . all my hard work was realized in this moment . i could not be more proud of myself .
it rained at the capitol today . the protesters still decided to carry on with their mission . various races and religions joined in . a coffin was brought out and a speech was made . they strung up a banner over it as a metaphoric example and backed away .
i got on the horse with my friend to practice around the track . however , we noticed that someone had fallen . their horse had also tripped over . we stopped practicing to see if she was all right . she seemed to be fine and just upset .
it is early morning here and the flowers are open now . always love how the colors of red are used in location town . this is one of the few places open at this hour of the day . you can find many old machines like this sitting outside the stores here . even in the subdivisions near by you see the chinese decorations displayed .
every year my family gets together for a reunion of sorts . we start the day by planning an activity for all of the kids . this year we decided to have them build bird houses . the process was made simple so the kids could finish quickly and without much help . the day turned out to be a great success .
[male] is going to be leaving the state in a couple weeks , so his friends decided to throw him a going away party . [male] was extremely surprised and thrilled . his friends even made him a special cake for the occasion . after eating some cake , everybody went to the living room to have some drinks . all in all , the going away party was a success . everybody had a wonderful time .
a cop just taking it easy making sure nothing goes wrong . the service men are ready to march . here they come starting the parade off . next is the drummers playing a song . now it is dedication time and thank all the men and women for their work .
the family gathered around the grill to celebrate . we had some shrimp skewers to cook on the barbie . [male] was having a little too much fun . [female] kept on trying to feed blazer everything she was eating . [male] stole the camera and took some pictures of himself .
a forum of white men decided to get together in business suits and talk . they allowed a few of their white male counterparts to stand at podiums in front of flags , and talk and talk . sometimes they would stare in the middle distance , remembering their humanity . the commentator would come back and introduce the next white guy to talk . he also talked about his cool flags . finally the last white man decided to chat , and the forum of white guys was dismissed .
this is a seriously fast strong fighter jet plane for the military . this wheel is no good , no one should use this plane until the wheels are fixed . the propeller produces high mile per hour winds that can blow someone away . the propellers look small but do n't let that fool you . this is a test pilot with all the gear on , let 's fly .
he was career day at my college . people showed up from different companies to set up an informative booths . you got to listen to guest lecturers talk about their companies . the whole day was very informative and i managed to enjoy myself . i think i have finally found the career i want to be in .
the church was ready and waiting . the groom yelled out the window his great love for his soon to be bride . the wedding guests enjoyed a savory luncheon . the bride and groom were thrilled to be married . the bride threw her bouquet over her shoulder . the happy couple got into the waiting royals [male] to go off on their honeymoon .
the soldiers marched through the stadium before the start of the game . the national anthem was played in front of the crowd . the soldiers saluted and honored the flag . the game began ! the fans cheered on their team
many people showed up at the ranch today . everyone was very excited to see the donkeys . after everyone got there , many people walked the donkeys together . grandma even got her picture taken with one of the donkeys . grandpa got to walk a donkey outside before we left .
relaxing after the big day..our wedding ! i am the luckiest girl in the world . my besties and me after the wedding . could n't have pulled this off without them . my parents and me . they have supported me the whole time . the happy couple ! look how cute we are .
[female] went to the outdoor market to look for flowers while walking through the market she saw orchids . she also saw marigolds and daisies . she found the perfect shop full of flowers . [female] looked through the large variety of flowers and picked out the ones she liked .
the game was getting very close . both teams were playing a good game . she put on a little show during half time . he was one of the best players of the game he made the winning shot .
i snapped this photo of the dignitaries making their way toward an import conference . the first speaker takes a look at his notes as he is addressing the crowed . they were not afraid of answering the audiences questions as the conference went along . as another dignitary finished speaking steward shared a laugh with the crowd . an older speaker took command of the crowd shortly after , calming people with his booming voice .
two roommates decided to dress up and have a party for christmas . their friends came and were socializing with each other . the guys decided it would be a great idea to set up some cups for beer pong . everyone appeared to be having a great time . they even broke out the champagne they were saving for new years and decided to share the bottle .
the whole town came out fir the annual race . and they 're off ! everyone loved the man 's chair . it was very inspirational . even the young ones got to experience the excitement . there 's the finish line ! what a race !
it was my birthday today . my friends too me out to dinner . they watched me open presents . and they got me a cake . then they sang happy birthday and embarrassed me .
[female] and friends went hiking to find a spring . they walked many miles and saw a lot of green leaves . but finally she found the spring and spread her arms open in triumph . the spring was beautiful and well worth the hike .
at our graduation , there were many different people and studies . i had to adjust my hat to be on point with my camera time . my friends and i were very grateful to be moving on to the next step ! i had to get a picture of our teachers before leaving . one of my friends thanked her mom for support .
we went to the airport . there was lots of waiting . then we gave some hugs . the trip ended so fast . parting is such sweet sorrow .
it is very early in the morning . jin is cleaning the open air market grounds . soon the sellers will be arriving . the sellers arrive on motorcycle and bicycle carts with fresh produce and meats to sell . melons will be a popular item for sale today . the sellers take time to array the items for sale in a decorative manner . soon the customers will arrive and the market will be busy .
every kind of musician was onstage . singers belted out their melodies with passion . a guitarist plucked his strings . a female vocalist lent her voice to the band . a younger lad even took to the stage , keeping up with those much older than him .
last week i attended a wedding for the first time . there were a lot of families there . they were all taking pictures together . everyone was very happy . the bride and groom got to ride in a limo that they rented .
the couple took a beautiful picture together in front of church . the sisters and brothers took a picture together . everyone gathered outside for a picture before the reception . the bride smiled widely for the pic . the dessert was delicious .
[male] and [male] are throwing a party . their friend [male] is really having a good time . their friend [male] is waiting for the fireworks to off . everyone is now waiting for the fireworks show to begin . the fireworks are finally lit and the fireworks are on display .
a deer follows a man on the sidewalk . the man pets the deers mother . the deer gets close to the camera and the man snaps a picture . the man then goes to an asian temple of some kind . he then relaxes on a mini island .
i went out to the bar with my best friend . we had some tacos for appetizer . we laughed a bit about this typing championship . the music was n't that great , but i enjoyed talking with my friend . the best part , was this giant tequila shot , it was great .
the family was all helping out at the event . there were giant fingers and kids were cheering at the old man .
we took the kids to watch the fireworks at night . they had lots of fun looking at the different colors . they covered their ears to protect them from the loud noises . the show finally came to an end . the kids were ready to go to bed after the beautiful show .
the little baby was excited to play with his family members at the reunion . everyone got in line for the food , and then everyone passed around the baby . he even got his uncle to hold him for a little while . great fun and many laughs were had by all .
the man got his bike ready for his trip . he was planning to ride up the location location location . he was joined by two friends , who were just as excited . it was a tough ride , so they rewarded themselves with a picnic lunch . their arrival at the location location location marked a milestone in their trip .
we had a great time on vacation last weekend . we spent the entire day hiking in the wilderness . we took a lot of photos of nature . after hiking for a while we came across a road . the view around us was complete desolate .
the cheerleaders were celebrating the big game . the girls were all dressed in their prom dresses . they took a picture with the football team . a lot of there families joined in the picture . the kids were a little scared of the mascot .
quite a crowd has gathered at the start of the display . everyone was in awe at the large fireworks . some were multi colored like this one . others had several different sequences to them . this one is pure white and misty , but still awesome looking .
we started organization organization 's day early in the morning . even the dog was excited to be irish for a day . we crowned [female] the irish princess . it was a fun , boozy day . [male] got all the girls to kiss him by saying `` kiss me , i 'm irish . ''
a group of friends got together to celebrate st. [female] 's day . everyone waited patiently for the food to arrive . when the food arrived it was all very delicious . then everyone got together for a group photo . after that , everyone finished off the night with dancing .
the friends were having a halloween party . they bought decorations . they bought costumes . they invited over all kinds of friends . then they had their party .
i took my boys to the annual pumpkin festival . they picked out their own costumes . [male] was a firefighter for last year 's festival , too ! toss-the-beanbag game is always fun . at the end of the day , my boys were tired and happy .
land rover had a car sale . the car company placed tents and various car models on an empty car lot . one of the new car models came in light brown and yellow . the family had their heart set on the camouflage colored car model . unfortunately , we did n't buy a car . they had sold the camouflage colored models they had .
at the school , i dressed up with the kids for halloween . some of the other girls in glass hand made their costumes . most of the young girls wanted to go as princesses and they did so . the boys all wanted to go as superheroes and they were very heroic looking . my friends daughter sat in her chair just waiting for people to drop off candy .
the parade of classes at the college is a big day each year . i 'm not sure why the class of 1980 has this old a car to represent it , but that 's the wacky nature of the parade ! my parents were in the class of 1967 . they march every single year . some of the classes have put together marching bands ! the class of 1943 does a barbershop quartet bit , while the class of 1973 has a watermelon theme . i love the parade !
i ordered a lot of food . after i ate i got back on the road . there was a lot of snow on the road . i went for a drive . it took me a couple hours to get back home .
there were a lot of men at the party . they were great sports . the thug look was pretty popular . as was the capes and hats . the winner was the thug though .
i found a basket of bread today at the market . i had to buy it all . i went crazy when i saw a case full of pastries . i had to buy those too . mini pumpkins are so cute ! i bought 11 . i did n't know what in the world these dirty black veggies were . i bought 20 though . they smelled like poop . i came across a large pile of discounted veggies and i bought all of them . i bought way too much food today .
we decided to take a walk around town to see all the local stores . we started bright and early in the morning , it was such a beautiful day . we stopped for lunch at the location location and had a wonderful sandwhich . we then went to copperfield 's books and read and browsed for awhile . finally , on our way back we stopped in to popeyes for some delicious fried chicken .
my new house looked lovely from a distance . the girls really liked the heated floors . i rented the place out to have a wedding . all of the guests were happy because of the open bar . flowers were placed in the ballroom to signify a nice evening .
the singles mingle was a great time . we met people from all over , of all different ethnicities . some of the guys were creepy but we smiled and bore with it . a few people hooked up pretty fast . i met my current boyfriend there . my friend met hers too .
we had a snow storm move through last night . the hillside looked like it was blanketed in a soft fluffy white blanket . there was n't a lot of water in the stream so we were able to walk down near the edge and walk across the rocks . there were parts of the stream where the top of the water was completely frozen over so the snow just sat on top . here 's a beautiful shot of the bridge that goes over the stream .
out to dinner with friends . we are trying a new place . everyone ordered something different so we could all try it . we were n't sure what this was , but i guess we 'll try it . this did n't look any better but i 'll give it a go . had to wash it all down with lots of drinks . still a fun night .
i rode my bike into the nature trail yesterday . i brought some friends with me . we saw some animals while we were there . we took a break and had a few drinks . we had a lot of fun outside .
the horses and riders were all eager to show off . the breeding and training was clearly evident . this animal in particular was very well bred . presentations were made about the animals . afterwards clearly a group photo was in order to commemorate the day .
high school football -- -what is more american than that ? my older daughter was the football [female] last year ! she 's a cheerleader , and i 'm very proud of her . they work just as hard as the football players . my younger daughter is one of the flag team . and my son is one of the players . you bet i 'm out there every friday night !
they told me to do some mixing before their practice session , but i got a bit distracted with the camera . [female] could n't hold back laughs before preforming and i could n't help but capture the moment . a few moments later and the recording began without a hitch . i was impressed by this photo too , but it was clear that rob was not . it 's alright though because his cat [male] was more than happy .
the organization bus told us we were in the right place . a whole store of pokemon stuff , cards , games toys ... lots and lots of plush toys . me and my friends had such a good time . there were plenty of costumed characters and cosplay .
my sister 's wedding day . my beautiful sister . took this wonderful picture without her looking . her husband . great guy . and then they drove off to the sunset .
[female] loves to ride her bike . so does [male] . he rides several times a day . they both steal bikes from all over town and pile them up here . along comes mr. ryobi and he counts the bikes and has them picked up to ship to the bike factory to be repainted . here 's two bikes that are about to get stolen . they 'll be mad but [female] and [male] have to make their money .
he attached his sword pin to his lapel . the rings were in place in both their boxes . the church scenery was perfect . the groom stood proudly by his bride . her mother watched on with happiness and sadness .
here our little guy is well dressed for christmas church service ! we had a great time opening presents as a family . he was ecstatic to receive this present ! he loved his big wheel bike ! our family loves spending time outdoors too .
the green murals was not liked by many . i liked the white mural but did not know what it was . the letters were done nice . i also liked all the trees . the cross was the fan favorite .
it was a snowy day in the city . the snow filled up much of all the parks in the city . the roads were very dangerous to be on but business had to go on . these volunteers helped shovel some snow of the roads . this family trying to cross the road in all the snow .
we saw so many animals during our visit to the zoo . the lions looked ferocious ! the ape looked like my brother . we even saw a flamingo drinking in the water . on the way out we saw a glimpse of a giraffe to end the day .
last thursday i was playing with my toys when i heard some call my name . i went over to my mom and asked her if she called me but she said no . i went to my grandma but she said no too . my sister also said no . my other sister also said no . i guess no one called me .
we had a very nice table to sit at for our meal . a picture of us after dinner and ready to party . everybody was having a blast we got to meet some cool ne people . this guy looks like he may have partied to hard
[female] went for a drive and stopped at a farm . there were many different lettuces to choose from . [female] really liked how deep red the beets were . [female] picked some vegetables herself . back at home [female] made herself a salad from all the delicious food she had bought at the farm .
as night fell , the crowd gathered for the race . everyone game out with their fun costumes . the cold could n't stop this ballerina from joining in . these tetris costumes were difficult to run in , but were a hit . a fireworks display was the perfect end to a great night .
we are not your typical bride and groom . the groom getting down on the dance floor . the bride 's daughter supported her completely . the only person who showed up in a tux . during the dollar dance they will stash money anywhere .
it was job day and everyone was ready to hand in their forms . one girl wrote her information on a small card . the interviewer had trouble reading her tiny card , so she asked her to hold it up . another interviewer was laughing at the sad group of candidates that showed up for the job fair . the winner of a job was finally selected and received their first paycheck .
[male] , [male] and [female] decided to enter the robot building contest . the did some research on the internet . then they started making a plan . they have made part of the bottom of the robot . they 're excited to finish the project .
several fell over during the game so they regrouped . the guy hit the ball up and could n't believe it . they ran after the ball so they could win the game .
[male] arrive for his first day of college . he entered the class room and got to learning . the teacher then asked him to get up in front of the class and solve a problem on the board . next he was shown a presentation about business . he was really absorbing so much information on just his first day .
i was wandering this building yesterday looking for a way out . i went up the stairs thinking i was below ground . but i just found myself in a lobby . i went back to see if i missed something . but then i found myself in a small office closet . i left the office to find the exit and i checked as many doors as i could find . eventually i came to a white door at the end of the hallway and it turns out that was the exit .
the students arrived to learn how to ride horses . they learn new techniques to lead the horse . then they had a chance to practice their new skills . after that they listened while the instructor gave them some advice . when the class was complete , they got together for a group photo .
the little kid is learning how to drive in his imagination . everyone arrives at the church for the wedding . the flower girl poses in the sun with her beautiful umbrella . they place hands together to show off their beautiful rings . the bride and groom look so happy on this occasion .
we went to the art museum today . they had a lot of different styles displayed . there were portraits done with pencils . also still life paintings done with oils . my favorite were the flower paintings .
mom made us something to eat before we left . the line to the game was long . we ended up taking pictures instead . this lady had a cool outfit . this was a picture of me afterwards .
our hotel was tucked away in the hills , and we had a great view . here in the window to my bedroom . i left it open because i liked hearing the street noises below . this elderly couple could be seen each morning watching passersby . i loved the colors of the buildings . you never see combinations like this back home ! here is the avenue i took each day from the hotel to the train .
after many years , i finally graduated from college . i watched my peers shake many hands on their way to accept their diplomas . eventually , it was my turn to do the same . we all hung out afterwards , it was a great time . i met some more of my peers at this column at the organization organization .
the club had many people show up to see the guy play guitar . there were even curious people and people that would sing . there was a bridge for people to stand on as well .
once a month they get together for a taste testing of the newest creation by [female] . she invites the whole family over to get everyone 's opinion . this time it 's donut holes on the menu . the evening was a great success . [female] and her partner ca n't wait until the next one .
today i started my new job at the mission . we have activity rooms for people . there is a lot of paper work to do each day . we have rooms for those who need them . it does n't look like much from the outside .
everyone was excited to be heading to the halloween party . everyone was decked out in halloween outfits . i really loved the cool outfits that everyone had come up with . i met up with some of my friends and we had a great time talking . the entire party was awesome , i 'm glad i had the chance to go .
today they were setting up for a birthday . it was her 2 and birthday . she got all kinds of presents from everyone . a whole bunch of people came to see her . they all had an amazing dinner and time together .
the dirt bike race was international it was very exciting the bikes go really fast the riders are professionals many guys come to compete
it was graduation day for the class of 2008 . the boy saw the graduation sign and took a picture out front . before going inside , he also took a picture at the window . he walked on stage when his name was called . and the boy shook the hand of the diploma handler .
a group of friends wanted to hang out one night . drinks were provided every minute and no one left sober . hank had four beers and began discussing soil science . jerimiah was so wasted he saw doubles of everything in the bar . a fun night in the bar ended with a mischievous night out on the streets .
the house i bought required a lot of renovations . i ordered the original house plans to help me decide what to do . i started with the wooden trim in the living room . then i did a many-paned window in the bedroom . the cellar used to have very cool wooden columns on bricks , and i restored them . i painted the kitchen the shade of pewter blue it was years ago . i love the way the house is working out !
[female] could not wait to get off the plane . she was traveling to her best friend 's wedding . she arrived at the wedding and immediately opened a beer to celebrate . [female] saw many of her old friends . she danced the night away . when she left , [female] took some flowers and stuck them in her boots for fun .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i love this place
it was halloween costume day on tuesday . i dressed [male] us as a little yellow duckling . on the way home we saw someone decorated their yard like a graveyard . another building decorated their stoop with scary decorations . [male] the pumpkin is scared very easily and does n't like halloween .
walking through the hazy jungle . `` what is that ? '' sploosh ! `` be careful numnuts ! '' `` aieeee pull me out [male] ! '' `` where is this place ? '' `` sorry [male] turns out the native new zealanders figured out the true gods . hell is thataway '' .
we had so much fun at the halloween party . i loved the [male] krueger and [male] costumes . there was even a guy who looked like a cross between the joker and a rolling stone . [male] skeleton made his appearance at the party . and there was even the zombie characters represented as well .
i went to visit a friend who runs a luxury vehicle company . i asked to step inside and saw the amazing interior . this is perfect for travel , it comes with all the comforts of home . the outside is nothing compared to the inside . here 's an employee attaching a new detail to the side .
the brothers took a picture together . he watched tv as the kids played on their laptops . he was into the scary movie . they went outside to play football . oh no , the football was thrown too high .
[male] and [female] finston were married at organization organization organization organization last saturday . the inside of the church was lit in candles . there was a guest book for family and friends to sign . after the ceremony , guests waited for the happy couple to exit the church . [male] and [female] were all smiles when they came outside and drove off to enjoy their reception .
this is [female] 's house . when she awoke this morning she had a wonderful discovery . it had snowed ! the neighborhood was covered with two feet of snow . a few cars managed to make a trail through the snow . the main road was much better . still a good idea to drive carefully . [female] built a snowman taller than herself .
the two brothers decided to go golfing . they found the sign up table . there were a lot of other people wanting to golf to . the first brother took a swing . then the other brother took his turn .
my dad decided to smoke the turkey for thanksgiving this year . most of the family gathered in the living room to watch tv . this was the bird after it was finally done cooking , yum ! we had an informal dinner that was almost more of a bbq , but we all loved it . nothing better to finish off a great dinner than a very good stout , cheers !
here i am . ready to get married . last night was the bachelor party . this is what i need to recover and make it down the aisle . all the groomsmen , looking a bit rough themselves . my beautiful bride walking down the aisle with her father . here is my best man giving the traditional toast . such a great day .
i went to the train station yesterday . when my train showed up we got on . it was going to be a long ride . the train was not very long . i brought my dog with me .
a big surprise for organization organization . the organization is putting in a unique career center . looking good so far . i 'd like to see the inside . a few more sheets and it will be open for business . this is really cool looking . would be cool to work in this one .
the queens drama club was ready to get the show on . [female] gave an oration on the location address . [female] gave an impression of location location . jakob sang in his best [female] manson voice . the tlc clones belted out show tunes .
it 's time for the little girl 's birthday party , and mom and dad took great care to make sure everything turned out perfectly . the family showed up , and everyone gathered around the table to talk and laugh . everyone brought presents , and the little girl was so excited to open them ! of course , there were also desserts . there was plenty for everyone . then , it was time to relax and play with all the new toys . what a fun day !
just taking a break while i decide what project to start on next . i ca n't be bothered to talk , i 'm brokering a big deal . the view from my office , how stunning . standing outside the organization studio in location location . two co-workers chat about the big new project coming to the studio .
i love animals and i like coming to the zoo to see my favorite ones . i love the monkeys because they 're cute and do funny things . i love the elephants because they breath through their trunk , which i think is pretty strange . i love the zebras because they look a lot like a striped horse . but the animals i love most are my two best friends that are waiting for me to come home .
everything was in order for the ceremony . the groomsmen talked and laughed while waiting for the event to begin . the ring was beautiful and ornate . the bride and her bridesmaids were ecstatic . the reception was joyous and celebratory .
i was walking down the pier yesterday , admiring the bridge . when i went to catch the subway i noticed a gathering nearby . there were a lot of people watching some street performers . they were very good . afterward i left and got on that subway .
it was a family get together . they even had fancy nice steak and tacos . [female] laughs at a joke her sister told her . the family is having a wonderful time together . sharing so many memories and laughs together .
the cheerleaders got everyone hyped for the game . it was a tough competition , and everyone was good . but some athletes emerged as elite . they were clearly proud of their talent . though everyone had fun , only half of them would be winners .
today 's convention involved a bunch of new technology . electronic seals dazzled the attendees . a man on a segway showed off some tricks he had been working on for years . a small robot stood on a table and talked trash to people walking by . an even bigger robot walked around taking pictures with attendees until it was shut down .
i decided to take a bicycle ride through the city yesterday . there were a lot of other people riding their bikes as well . there were also some interesting outfits . some cars had trouble getting through all of the cyclists . afterward we were all very tired from biking everywhere .
today was the day . i was going to prove my theory . the theory that people are most closely related to lemmings . and the people did n't let me down . they all went over the edge !
[male] was in his home when he was suddenly inspired to release his inner artist . he left out his home and petted his dog knowing that he had to travel a long way to find the perfect spot . after walking for about an hour , [male] 's anticipation had peaked as he saw the perfect spot to start his graffiti work . his first drawing was just a warm-up . [male] tested his sprays and cracked his knuckles for his masterpiece . [male] spent some time but finally finished his favorite graffiti work of all time . tired from all his work he was not looking forward to his long walk back home .
i 've got a cottage on the lake that i like to go to for vacations . the lake is actually pretty big . we also have a boat out there . we usually build a campfire after the sun goes down . we build the fire in the compost pile because ashes are good for the garden .
here in the studio recording a new album today . this is broken so we had to sit around for a while waiting . ok , finally we get to start singing . drummer , he 's drumming . he 's happy that i said that about him .
there was once an american sniper . he was the best in his class and has saved many lives during his tour . he makes the hard decisions of classifying someone as an enemy or civilian . his decisions are the difference between mass casualty or a single death . to shoot or not is the permanent question in his head .
[female] and [female] are having a great time at the carnival on the rides . whoa , exclaims [female] and [female] as the ride speeds up and goes faster . now onto the dragon ride . [female] and [female] are having a blast . [female] tries to win a stuffed prize for [female] . she knows that [female] loves monkeys . [female] and [female] notice another family playing another type of prize game and decides to try it out when they are finished before leaving the carnival .
my family and i went to an indoor arboretum . they had a fountain inside . the indoor pond had lily-pads . some of the fruit trees actually had fruit on them . they even had a chocolate tree .
we went to the city for thanksgiving . i caarved the turkey , we ate so much . [female] ate like a pig . we laughed a lot .
here is the famous house of the seven gables sign . the man next to the well on a cold day . a flattering picture of the female outside during the visit . the sign of the hooper hathaway house since 1862 . the dock outside near the water on an overcast day .
five star restaurants are cool . the only problem is that sometimes style takes the place of quantity . and you get left with a disappointing plate . but that does n't happen if you know what to order . and then you can think about desert .
we had a great costume party this week . all my friends showed up dressed up . some with more clothes than others . masks were aplenty and funny . it was a great party which we will certainly repeat .
a couple of the guest arrived and posed they have very stylish hats . inside the house , the celebration begins . the food and drinks can be seen . the party ramps up . everyone is having a good time . the host wearing the green hat poses for a photo with her friend . the host now poses with a different friend .
bringing out the birthday cake . make and wish and blow out your candles ! posing w/ wonder woman gifts , so awesome . [male] broke out her poi and put on a little show . i do n't even know what it going on here but someone is getting frisky .
the canal had many trees around it and the old people watched the boat come through . the people off the boat crossed the bridge after they took funny photos and saw the bridge in the canal .
a traveler visited location and took in the classic sights of the city . the view of mt . organization outside location was beautifully captured by the visitor . then a visit to the organization organization organization continued the quintessential sight-seeing tour . a wall covered with bubblegum showed the quirky character of the area . a visit to organization completed the all-around location experience .
felt like visiting location location today . had the whole field all to myself ! the place sure does look grand . the size of it is even crazier when it 's empty . can you imagine all those seats are filled so often ? bless our beloved tigers .
we sent to the city for the weekend . we ate the local food . the lights shining on the water were brilliant . the food and beer were delicious . even in the fog the city looked majestic .
a school based foreign exchange program at a located at an asian university allows many foreigners to experience location 's culture . a teacher and student pose outside a venue where an end of the semester party is being held . a pakistani man is deep in conversation with his asian room mate . an american exchange student smiles as she converses in semi fluent chinese . another student dishes helps cut slices of cake for guests . he has no problem cracking jokes and making everyone laugh . everyone smiles for and end of semester class photograph . everyone had a great time at this party .
tonight we rave . all of the cool kids are out in their best fashion . there are bright lights and cute cocktails ! everyone is having a great time . [male] needs a drink .
one day , the friends decided to take a day trip to the historic downtown area . downtown there were lots of little shops and historic buildings to see . many of the old areas were full of rich culture and history . there was a large guide map to help tourists as well . there were a few churches and beautiful buildings in the area . we stopped to see everything . the day all in all was wonderful . we would love to visit again and our last stop to the purple [female] was a experience we wo n't ever forget .
the kids got up early for our road trip . everyone 's suitcases and bags are packed up and ready to go . the suitcases have been loaded into the car . selfie from the driver 's seat . this might be dangerous if i was actually driving , but thankfully i 'm not ! the country road is beautiful . 62 miles to go !
my sister and i were fighting one day . my mom said we had to kiss and make up , gross . she settled for a hug instead . whew . then we sang a song . now what mom ?
the side walk looked so plain . we decided to plant some trees . after digging all day , we were finally ready . check out our tree . a beautiful tree to represent our beautiful friendship .
the doors were ajar and i could hear a conversation . the couple walked into the room and everyone gasped . the church was beautiful . [male] is the wedding photographer and he likes the groom . the dancing went well into the night .
filming a documentary . the lighting for maximum viewing enjoyment . setting up the camera . and now it is ready to go . different angles works best for different types of views .
the soon to be graduates waited nervously in the hallway . today was the big day they had all worked towards . the auditorium was completely full with friends and family . there was a presentation involved . afterwards the graduates congratulated each other and discussed the directions their lives were now going in beyond school .
everybody arrived on time for the big walk n ' breakfast charity event . even [female] and [female] remembered to bring their walking shoes . after the walk , they were all clamoring for their breakfast . [male] and [female] set up the breakfast buffet while the crew was performing the walk and it looks like they just finished their preparations ! breakfast is served for all who participated in the walk !
it took about 20 minutes to arrive at the organization organization organization . first we saw what a dentist 's office use to look like . and we saw one of the first books on dental hygiene . the museum even showcased some of the first dental tools used . there were even a box of old dentures that revealed how much things have changed in this industry .
all of her gifts were on the table . they were anxious for her to open them but she was still texting . after everyone had arrived she opened each gift and thanked everyone graciously . her mom and dad were very proud of her . her brother joked that he did n't think she 'd ever graduate .
a young man is planning a party this weekend for him and his friends . he invited his friends to his lake house for the weekend . they all went out on the lake with a paddle boat , taking turns . once it was getting late , they just hung around the dock and watched the sunset . it was a great night , with friends , the water , and plenty of games .
the army received special orders to save their country . they used a helicopter , to get their location . they blew up their enemies with a large gun . then came home victorious , saluting each other as they returned .
the meeting began with check-in at 2pm . we started with a classroom session where we learned about the new program . we then saw a slideshow about the history of the company . we had some break time in the afternoon with snacks . followed by a q and a with each of the project managers .
the location location gets a bad rap , but going there is amazing . we saw statues that date back centuries and it 's really humbling to look at them . of course modern transportation is still kind of iffy out there , so the old ways work best , namely camels . looking at all this history really made us think . what would our legacy be in 1000 years ? and of course there was the sphinx . trust me , seeing it on tv and movies is nothing compared to seeing it in real life .
i love growing flowers in my garden , but there are a few instant favorite varieties of mine . the white faded pink roses are some of the best in my collection of roses and they really blend in well with any color . in truth though , the hot pink ones are not just another favorite , but one that people notice the most . these beauties like to hide , but as my neighbor says , they hide because they are shy . at times nature creeps in even more and i get a few animal visitors .
we went to the fabled city of lights to see some of the buildings . this building was always completely lit up no matter what angle you were at ! here is joe showing us how it orks . the statues were even lit up ! this city is amazing , i wonder what else there is to see !
the bakery was stocked with goods . patrons had their favorites they waited in line for . the menu was large and diverse . and offered something for everyone . outside there was patio seating .
it was finally the weekend and the group of friends went camping . one of their favorite camping activities was grilling food on an open fire . the friends also loved to simply sit around and talk , forgetting about the normal routines of suburbia . at one point , they ran out of fuel for the fire and found a useless magazine they could burn . however , one of the male friends saw the magazine cover and thought twice . he thought he could utilize the magazine for other purposes .
the japanese cultural festival featured a variety of cultural demonstrations . the koto demonstration was very informative . this demonstration showed men smashing fruits in buckets . this woman did intricate floral arrangements . her demo was very interesting . we finished our tour by watching some japanese craftsman make pottery .
the seafood market is a very popular place to location . they have mountains of seafood . the fish are all fresh and caught that day . many people come for miles around to get the fresh seafood . outside , children are usually wandering around the food stalls eating sweets .
so many emotions filled my classmates on graduation day . alistair seemed astonished . navjot seemed impatient . but , we were also all happy about our accomplishments . especially me . or , rather , i should say ... especially my family because i think they were the happiest of all .
we invited lots of friends for a barbeque . the fire pit was very large . we roasted hot dogs right over the flame . lots of people were happy . and there was a lot of beer too .
the old bridge was visited by someone that had a lot of dolls and a vine tattoo on their arm . after they visited the fountains before eating a nice meal of cheese and grapes .
the posters showed many things including a balloon and a ship and a guy in a canoe . lastly there were indians .
the hotel did n't have a bar . the downtown of this city was unknown to them . they tried many places to find a drink . but gas stations could n't help . they stared into the moon until morning .
students gathered to listen . the speech was interesting . the first lady spoke . they paid attention to what was said . it was a full house .
all over the world people protest as a way to get their message out no matter how wrong or hateful it may be . here is an older poster of people protesting the g8 summit and they are calling to an end to corporate power . here is another poster where people somewhere in the world are protesting the dropping of bombs as a solution . in still another part of the world trade [male] signs are being seen like in this picture . the lists of groups and places protesting is endless from location to location location and all across the globe it will never end as long as people are not happy with the situation they are in .
family and friends gathered at the restaurant for the celebration . a platter of drinks arrived . one of us did n't hesitate to jump right in . he 's always a good story teller after a few drinks . sometimes he will get up to act it out . we left shortly after .
today i made my makeup crazy for the masquerade ball . i put on period victorian clothing as well . i decorated my mask with silver lining . i went to the ball with my best friend . there were so many people dancing and drinking .
halloween parade and we were ready to arrest somebody . this float and these women looked awesome and we love z100 too . [male] einstein never looked better . i want these guys to cheer us on . this outfit is incredibly sexy and i like the red faced men .
arriving at the lake festivities . the cold weather did n't stop the boys from getting in their swimsuits . we all took a dip in the freezing cold this is going to be a yearly thing . the rowing races were fun to watch and off to a great start . you can clearly see the winner won by a landslide and now everyone has their shirt off .
do you want to get out of debt ? let me show you how ! ( is my monitor working ? you have to work on the noi ! thank you .
last week my best girlfriends took me out to teach me to play pool . here we are getting a drink while waiting on a table . here 's a shot someone snuck of me lining up on the cueball . another shot here , the ball i 'm trying to hit is right on the edge of the pocket at the opposite corner . later in the night , one of the girls decided she 'd make my shots harder . we had a great time !
surprise ! happy 21st birthday ! he is thanking his girlfriend for the awesome surprise birthday party . all of his friends came to celebrate . his girlfriend is the best and he is so happy . everyone , including his cousin are having a great time , drinking and being happy .
these two ladies were dressed to kill at tonight 's party , lets hope they can sing ! this lovely couple was inseparable the whole night . singing commenced , although it was n't very good . at least the boys were enjoying themselves with a few beers . but the beers definitely seem to bring out the dancer in everyone .
these young people have decided to have an evening centered on drinking beer . the solo cups are filled . the party goers lift the cups to their lips . [male] shows off his ability to guzzle from a hose . [female] tries to match [male] , but females have less alcohol metabolizing capability than males , so she will so pass out .
each member together their own collection . the judges walked around and picked their favorite . i hoped my collection would be chosen for the show . i have to admit that [female] 's collection was right for the season . and she proudly agreed with that thought .
people lined up for the big political event . the warm-up entertainment was a singing political parodist . as the main event approached , more and more people filled the seats . the main event was an impassioned speech by a local politician . the politician 's speech enraptured the crowd .
i like bugs . butterflies to be precise . like this black one . or this guy . or this gal .
i did a race for saint [male] 's day . here is my participation number . here is the starting line . along the way there was a lot of fun , including this band . here are the post race festivities . there was a cool band as well that got us in a relaxing mood after the race .
i went to see my favorite band play tonight . they played all of my favorite songs . [female] played the guitar through most of the concert . though she switched to keyboards for a while . she can really rock out on the keyboards !
we 're expecting company so i attempted to make some food . i 'm not a very good cook so i threw a large can of beans in a pot and called it a day . here i just dyed some whipped cream pink . it was a real challenge keeping it looking fluffy . ah finally , a well deserved drink after all that hard work cooking a feast . unfortunately , no one seemed very impressed with my cooking other than grandma there .
i had so much food to eat yesterday . i went to visit my family . all of the relatives were there . we all had a great time . the dessert was especially good .
i visited an old castle . the grounds were beautiful and spacious . there was even a little creek . the caste had large arched windows . even the entrances were arched .
walking to his masters graduation . cap and gown , hooded , and ready to go . an admission ticket to the commencement . president ready to speak for the class of 2007 . his master of science degree from the organization organization organization .
i decided to go to the beach for the day . this is my rental house , its so cute . i had to put this cute christmas tree up . later i met up with some friends . we went downtown where there was a lot going on .
a drum solo during the concert for the fans . young man playing the keyboards during the festivities . slim young man playing the guitar and singing . checking the cables before the show to make sure everything is working . a person truly into their art sings for the audience .
last night we all decided to get together for a fun jam session . the boys rocked out playing the electric guitar , drums and bass . a full band played and entertained our friends . everyone mingled , joked , and drank . there was plenty of beer to go around the girls had fun and met many cute guys . all in all , the music was great and it was a fantastic night .
there are so many stories about grave yards so i went myself and read up on the history took great pictures of the old buildings there also was the old graves that e encounted there is great history about this grave yard
i 've always had a fondness for two things : food and flowers . flowers are diverse and beautiful in each of their own ways , like people . i know more people named after this flower than i do named [male] , [female] or deaken . some flowers define a person 's attire . whoever likes this flower must be a fan of plaid . some represent size , i wish i was as tall as a tree .
today i had a bunch of friends over for a party . they are such an entertaining bunch when we all get together . i even had over some old friends i have n't seen in a very long time . we all had such a good time goofing around . everyone raise a hand is ready for the next party !
in keeping with christmas tradition , [male] got underwear . [female] got a book she wanted . knowing her , she 'll have it finished before new year ! [male] did pretty well . his wife got him a car ! i 'm envious ... but he deserves it . another tradition . i got a new pair of warm & snuggly pjs . i 'm glad i got this picture of [male] when i did , because immediately after this , he disappeared into his room to play the game .
[female] [male] arrives for a meeting with supporters . ms. [male] and some supporters meet privately . the lady in blue seems to be in charge . a local dignitary shakes hans with the candidate . everybody wants to be photographed with [female] .
i was so glad to be up there saying my vows . we had been waiting for a long time until we finally decided to get married . i 'm glad we finally did it . afterward we made our way out of the church . we spent a few minutes taking photos outside .
the night sky lit up with fireworks . there were all colors , even yellows and reds . some floated down like golden rain . some burst in giant displays of red . sometimes , even two shone at once .
we graduated from our college last week . the dean first made a speech about success . then they called us in to line up for accepting our diplomas . they called my name , and i went up . after everyone had their diplomas , we all gathered with our family and friends for hugs and photographs . finally , we all left to celebrate !
our new year 's party was great fun . a lot of people showed up . most people were in a silly mood . everyone had a noisemaker . it was an amazing way to ring in the new year .
i 've always liked the city part at night . the lights by the trees make a cool scene . even regular trees look a little spooky in the dark . my friend [male] and i hang out at midnight in the park a lot . sometimes , we do secret planting projects to surprise people . one time , i got a whole gang together and we planted a lot of flowers .
the clouds and deep blue sky compliment the mountain peak . they find a lovely forested mountain with a lake . the misty clouds roll in and obscure the scene . in the distance the height of the mountains can be seen by the amount of dense snow covering them . on the road again moving towards another place .
the students and teacher pose for a graduation picture . the stadium where they graduate is packed to the brim . there must be over 2 thousand people there . one of the students is wearing a batman shirt for some laughs . the first student to graduate walks on stage .
he could n't wait to get out on the lake with his family . the kids loved tubing behind the boats . they took turns riding on the tube . one last ride on the tube before going home . everyone loved the day on the lake .
we took a trip to a town for vacation . we first stopped by a farmers market where they had all these fruits and vegetables for sale . at night , this city becomes lit up by so many lights . it feels great to walk around in a busy city at night . we stayed for a couple of days and then we went to the train station to catch a train home .
matso ball soup being made . some fresh greens to compliment the rest . chipped beef tastes yummy . a cake for desert ! here 's the art project i made in school for today .
her graduation picture . giving a certificate to the man for his work . giving a certificate to the lady . making a speech at the graduation . getting her honorary degree .
the bother and sister were ready for the first day of school . they were excited to go to their first day and meet new friends . they told their mom how happy they were . they said they were going to make a lot of new friends . then they got up and got ready to get in the car .
she loves the winter and decided to take her new camera out for pictures of the snow . she got a great shot of the trees with clear blue sky in the background . another beautiful picture of a thin small tree leaning over from the weight of the snow . this was a distance shot against the blue sky . and finally a great shot of a tree with some color peeking out from under the snow .
the venue was decorated well for the wedding reception . the friends of the bride posed to a picture as they arrived . the groom 's family arrived together . people became impatient as the caterer was behind in serving the food . guests passed the time waiting by socializing .
the day is finally here the streets are packed with runners the music helps to entertain all in attenadance we are welcomes to the start of the race let games begin
the party includes many drinks and some not happy guys . the friend is n't happy either to see the binge drinking although the girl tries it too .
saturday was my cousins wedding day . she had the wedding at a beautiful church . the bride and groom were so happy to be wed . the reception was held in a room below the church . afterwards , the bride and groom left for their honeymoon .
this is a picture of two friends . this is a picture of two women . this is a picture of a woman 's shoes . this is a picture of legs . this is a picture of hands .
graduating college is an exciting time . family and friends of the graduates gather for the celebration . the [male] of the organization speaks to the graduating class and their guests . the graduates are very happy to close this chapter in their lives . the family and friends await on the new graduates for pictures and hugs !
the friends were all dressed up for halloween . they went out to eat at a restaurant . then they went back to the house . they continued the party there . they danced the night away .
today was the day of the school olympics . everyone in the school picked a sport and competed . all of the classes picked a participant for each sport to try and find a winner . first up was the 800 meter relay race . then , there was the long jump . the students also competed in a softball game and some swimming events . the final score was determined by a tennis match and the winners ended up being the seniors . it was a fun and exciting day .
i had the pleasure of participating in a bridal fashion show last year . the dresses were beautiful . the suits were hot as well . they also had bridesmaids dresses . the kids clothes were presented in the end and were very cute .
there were many people relaxing in the living room . there were many shots and drinks set up . my friends began to take drinks in order . my best friend was the real tanker . he took four shots . he said the room was spinning and it was obviously not spinning .
the garden had a lot of beautiful flowers in it . these pale pinks ones were one of my favorites . the property had many of these bushes . i wanted to cut some of these to bring inside . this little guy watched us while we viewed the gardens .
it was quiet outside . inside , there was only two people getting ready for work . nothing interesting was happening , no one even playing sports on the field . the car park was empty , sans some parked cars . indeed , this was a boring day .
crowds gathered to protest the war . local religious groups spoke to the crowd . the audience was enthusiastic to hear the speakers . protesters argued that the war was too costly . religious leaders later held a vigil for the fallen soldiers .
the turtles stayed at the reptile house . this turtle was named [male] . he was friends with this salamander . they both did n't want to be used as bait . they wanted to be sold to a nice person who would let them be alive .
my favorite hockey team has always been the location location . i love seeing the capitols 's opponents keeled over in disappointment . i 'm not a fan of fighting , but if you mess with players on the capitols you will get what you deserve . my favorite player to watch with the puck is [male] ovechkin . ovechkin is an expert goal scorer and not a bad passer .
it 's almost christmas time . the children begin to open their presents . they really love what they got . our son really likes his new bike . we had a very fun time .
the marching band marched in the parade . they began to play their instruments . when the parade began they marched along with the floats . the student body even had it 's own float . all of their friends and family was there to cheer them on .
the family decided to visit the anime expo in our city . we saw props for a new anime series based on astronauts . the theme for the anime expo seemed to revolved around space and astronauts . we took a picture of the walk we had to make back to our car . on our way back to the car , we found a puppy running on the sidewalk .
i invited my entire family to dinner tonight . they were happy to come . it was also my birthday . we all took pictures together . my uncle bought me a chicken .
just landed . talking about new projects . went to dinner with friends . a surprise visitor joined them . passing food around .
it student orientation day at organization . there is a bake sale going on by one of the senior classes . these girls are looking over their possible class schedules . [female] and pevoli joke about marna 's schedule being completely opposite theirs . here are more students coming for the second half of the day .
my best friend from childhood got married today . her bridesmaids all wore stunning red dresses . though her bridesmaids were pretty , the bride truly stole the show . in truth , i was jealous , and ended up hitting on every girl at the wedding dinner . the weather was absolutely perfect for wedding pictures .
for fourth of july weekend we decided to take a camping trip and watch the stars and fireworks from our tent . we had so much fun talking we almost missed the finale . we talked a bit about the show and also about the concert that would be happening in the same place the next day . after the show and talking , we all turned in and called it a night . we woke up the next morning to find that even more people had set up camp overnight ! it was like a real festival .
the family had to be careful on their vacation ! mom posed in front of the house . one room was full of stuffed animals . dad and the kids looked at the view from above . mom and dad cozied up in a tree .
it was japanese culture day at school today ! here 's someone using asian techniques on plants . a lot of people came ! people even brought their kids ! there was an enka singer , and even some japanese sweets !
hi . every summer we head out midwest to location to visit my relatives and experience country life . here we see my cousin 's pigs and are they huge and noisy pigs . these are my cousins having a fun moment with each other . while it was hot and humid , we really enjoyed the country view with less noise and traffic and no buildings . and these are my friends and relatives while we check out the produce of their farm .
took a stroll through the city we are staying on vacation today . i decided i would ride one of these carts for the first time . the view i got from up so high was great . afterward headed down to the beach for a dip . really loved the water and how scenic walking back to the car was .
the groom waits proudly for his beautiful bride . here she comes being walked by her proud father . they embrace after the ceremonial kiss . and now the family poses for pictures . youngsters included ! everyone was thrilled for them .
[male] and [male] were ready for a night on the town . the started off the night with tacos for dinner . after dinner they went to a typing championship match ; which was n't as fun as it sounds . they decided to go see a live band perform . they ended their night out with a couple of coctails .
living in the mountains of location has been one of the best decisions i ever made . here you have access to biking trails and hiking trails with the most awesome views ever . there are a surprising number of lakes and reservoirs where you can sail or motor boat or try any water sport you like . i like rock climbing along the north face . lake powell is my favorite with the location location location as the runner up .
at [female] 's birthday part watching her open gifts . she checks her phone before she opens the first one . her posing with her first one . here are lany and [male] outside . [female] talking with her husband inside .
yesterday i went to church . the inside of the church is very clean . there was no one there yet when i showed up because i was early . the stained glass windows are very beautiful in the church . they want to be sure that you are quiet during mass .
my school play is today ! i am so excited to perform . our stage was amazing ! we all helped to make it beautiful for our show . we got so much applause and it made us feel so proud . we each painted a brick in the schoolyard to show our creativity . the day was great and the food and sweets www spectacular !
welcome to 80s ' night at the organization organization organization and [male] . [female] and [male] dance with [female] [female] . [female] [female] is holding [male] up for the picture . [male] and [female] look like they are having a good time . this is a great 80s ' night this year .
for the day we prepared to take our dad to an outdoor out exibit . before he went he finished cutting down his tree . when we got there we saw a fish that was painted to look like an airplane . then there was one that had flowers painted on it . my favorite fish was one that was just randomly painted .
the crowd waited for the graduation to begin . then the speaker gave a speech to the audience . the students waited for their name to be called to receive their diploma . all of the student were excited to be done with school . all of their friends and family were their to congratulate them .
the family was camping in a small cabin . it was a very calm peaceful night . they started a campfire . the family sent off some fireworks . the family went inside and got ready for bed after a long fun day .
[male] was on his way to the rave concert . [female] was riding with [male] . they really enjoyed the concert . the performer was great . it was by a band called [male] .
i took a ride on an airplane the other day . we flew over the mountains . i took some black-and-white pictures . this is close to where we landed . this is the prettiest picture i took .
the gentleman sat with the boy to discuss the diagrams . he then asked the young ladies if they needed help with anything . he spoke to the man about his interest in technology . he then met with this fellow , to discuss his future plans in engineering . the students took a picture to remember the special day .
i went to a restaurant with a friend of mine yesterday . we had n't seen each other in a long time . afterward we decided to go on a hike through the wilderness . there was nobody else out there . we had a great view at the end of the hike .
though sometimes it may be hard to see . i know i live in one of the most beautiful places in the world . i may not be as beautiful it 's true . but everyday i do my job eating all of the decaying forest vegetation . so that new things can grow around me .
the old building looked very important . on the inside was a few art exhibits . they were painted with extreme precision . a wing of the museum had amazing sculptures . a painting of a giant building inspired me to want to paint .
we went to the park and a deer followed us . we pet it and took pictures with it . then we traveled to the marvelous hotel . the grounds were so immaculate . we also got great pictures of the outside decor .
the friends arrived to the japanese parade . they saw some interesting floats pass by . they watched with excitement . then they got involved with the festivities . after that they sat down to have a few drinks .
the play was great . the star was believable . the acting was in professional level . the words were memorized precisely . they all bonded over color .
the guy brought in merchandise to be sold . a lady was writing down the store 's inventory . another person was doing the same thing at the store next door . a customer was resting after looking at various things sold at the store . the seller looked bored since there was no customer coming to the store .
the costume party was a lot of fun . there was plenty of food and drink . there were a lot of funny moments . someone dressed up as a clown . a group picture was taken at the end .
last weekend all of us went out to a bar in downtown . they served a lot of drinks there . we drank a lot . we all had such a great time . we stayed until early morning .
it was race day at the racetrack . all the drivers stood around preparing for the race . after sometime everybody lined up and it was almost time to start . the race lasts for hours , it was so thrilling . there can only be one winner and these guys beat everybody by a mile .
the shells were opened , and the insides came out . the botanists were enraptured with the process , so they grew more plants and started the life cycle all over again .
we went to the syrup festival the kids got to eat pancakes there was also a demonstration on how syrup is made we got a tour of the woods and it ended in the production lab
bring the trailer to the mountains getting ready to take a picture my daughter running down a snowpacked slope my daughter having fun on the slope the snow packed lanscape
after we got through traffic we finally made it to the restaurant . we were so hungry so we all knew exactly what to order . their menu is huge . the food in the display case was making my mouth water . i ordered the biggest burger they had and it was amazing .
somebody made a nice snowman and put a hat on him walking in the snow covered park night time the city look beautiful this old stone building is quite charming waking up to this white sheet of snow in the morning is priceless
[male] was a fun loving guy . he could make the simplest meal feel like a real treat , even just a plate of french fries . his goofy faces were incredibly , especially with his beard to accent them . after eating , he 'd go to the food booths and buy something strange for dessert , to make us all gag . i hated to see his signature blue minivan leave . he always drove a minivan , although he was single without kids !
we took a train into the city for the rally . it was to be held tomorrow but preparations were already underway . here we are walking to the heart of the protest . the crowd was passionate yet peaceful . the turnout was huge thanks to social media .
this is [female] with her mom and dad at the end of the proudest day of her life -- college graduation ! [female] felt like she was in a dream as she and her classmates walked to their seats . she 'd worked so hard to earn her diploma . there were several speakers before [female] received her diploma . her best friend was valedictorian and gave a rousing speech . there 's [female] getting her diploma . she could n't stop smiling . [female] 's grandfather was so proud he gave her a big hug ! then the family went to [female] 's favorite restaurant to celebrate . it was a night [female] will always remember .
the boy scout troop got to tour the local organization organization base . the boys loved seeing the fighter jets . they got to watch as one of them was serviced . everyone liked seeing the test dummy . the big hangar was beautiful . i hope the boys get to visit again next year .
i finally got to the recording studio yesterday . i was very nervous . i had to record the song perfectly . everyone expected me to do well . i brought my cat with me for good luck .
this year 's 4th of july celebration was spectacular . the fireworks were closer than normal . the crowd gathered around to get the best view . there were some fancy fireworks , containing multiple colors and patterns . it was a great day to spend with family and friends .
they were determined to fight for their cause people from all around joined in on it they rioted through the streets picking up anything they could the police tried their best to keep hold of the situation all in all it turned out to be pretty peaceful protest
the groom waits for his bride . father walking his daughter down the aisle . happy couple kiss after the ceremony . a picture of the bride and groom with his parents . a lasting memory of the happy couple .
the team huddled to prepare for the game . the game was very important to them . they played with intensity . the other team gave them a major challenge . all the players did their best .
i had a great time at the business meeting today . everyone had a ton of questions . i sold a lot of shoes . also sold some purses as well . everyone loved them .
their son was all ready for his first day of kindergarten . mom took a picture with him first . then dad got in on the fun , posing proudly with his boy . their little boy was n't scared at all , and even smiled again for the camera while he waited with the other students . once he found his classroom , he quickly learned that his teacher was helpful and friendly . their son was soon very engrossed in his work and on his way to a lifetime of learning .
a large crowd of people rallied in protest of the murder of [male] [male] . two individuals held a sign with his picture on it . other crowd members made their own signs to hold in the demonstration . a couple of women held posters demanding justice for [male] [male] . someone even made sidewalk art asking for justice .
the dragon stands next to the red automobile . this car was inspired by the movie , `` aladdin . '' the witch in `` sleeping beauty '' made an appearance . snow white and her friends greeted the crowd . lastly , [male] and [female] mouse drove in a fancy car .
everyone was getting ready for the wedding . we were really excited , especially the groom and bride . we all took many pictures together . the bride looked gorgeous . even though the day was serious , there were fun moments as well .
we witnessed the most amazing landscapes and mountain ranges we have ever seen ! the way the mountain reflected in the lake was mesmerizing ! we loved the design of the little town in the mountains ! the magnificent castle was high upon the mountain ! the gorgeous mountain peak was breathtaking !
the big day had finally arrived for [male] and tom.. they said their vows and exchanged rings . before family and friends , they became husband and wife . the reception hall was decorated beautifully . [male] spared no expense . what a beautiful family portrait on [male] and [male] 's big day .
there were such strange pieces throughout the building . this statue crept me out a bit because it looked so real . the men looked so life-like . the architecture was done very well . the building were so old and pretty .
[male] is helping set up a wedding . [female] is the decorator and making sure everything is in it 's place . a few guest are already milling around . after the wedding came the reception . [male] is trying to get the camera positioned to show the cake cutting .
there was a lot of people at the wrestling match today . the crowds were loud as they cheered their favorites . the first fighter came out in a silver mask and cape . his opponent was large , and quite skilled . one of the girls came out to help stir up the crowd .
i finally enlisted in the army . we are learning all types of things . i can now even work on machines . and i have met a lot of good people . my favorite part is the march at the end of the day .
it was a breath taking vacation home the inside was just as nice and the outside offered breath taking views and the nature surrounded the house it was a wonderful time for them
[male] got hungry so he grabbed a box of eggos [male] also got thirsty so he poured himself a cup to drink [male] went to the store to look at something to drink [male] poured the syrup on his eggos [male] finally took a bite to eat of his eggos
i went to the park last weekend with my dog . there were a lot of flowers blooming this time of year . my dog had such a great time there . he smelled every flower we came across . afterward we were very tired and had to go .
the old church gave off a creepy feeling . we did n't care thought since the area was so pretty . all the pathways led to more wonders . we even came across an open field . from there , we could see even more water .
a new man is up for mayor and has decided to speak at a school . many of the kids have a lot of questions to ask the man . he has brought them a neat little celebration to honor their hard work in school . he even brought a women dressed in a sparkly ready wig to entertain . the man running for mayor had a big family that love being involved in his work with children .
the fireworks where awesome . the started out simple . but built throughout the night . they got a bit crazy . then , the grand finally blew us away .
the night with friends was long and exciting . a bit of horseplay was included in the evening . beads were worn for the occasion . there was dancing and mingling . but mostly laughter and chit chat .
for my painting class i need to do a painting of an outdoor scene , so i took a walk today to get some ideas . this tree captured my interest . i like the shape of the branches . flowers might be an idea . i just do n't know if i should paint several flowers or just one . of course a cluster is also an idea . i have much to think ab out before my next class .
we decided to go out on halloween to my friend 's halloween party . i was a cosmic cowgirl , he was a pimp . my friends [female] and [male] were there . the crowd got larger as the night went on . after we partied a little bit we all took a group shot .
there were many people in the arena . kids and adults were having fun together . there were gymnasts who were showing off their skills . guest speakers talked about their personal experiences . united together , people celebrated their cause .
we took a trip out on the lake in uncle [male] 's new boat on thursday . uncle [male] , aunt [female] , and aunt [female] relaxed in the back drinking beers . grandpa drove with little [male] on his lap while his parents looked on . we passed the house where grandpa used to live and he pointed it out to us . it was great to spend time with family !
all his family and friends are gathered at his house for a bbq . there are adults and even little kids at the party . the guests are mingling and chatting among themselves . there is a swing set in the backyard for the little kids to play on . when it gets too hot outside , the guests go to the living room to talk .
today we went to the train museum . there was a train named [male] [male] . it was green and red . it looked very nostalgic and reminded me of my childhood . the kids and i had a lot of fun .
the subway is an economical way to get from point a to point b . a lot of young people prefer the subway . sometimes it 's standing room only . you might see someone you know . a neighbor or close friend could be right by you on the subway .
a deep square room , the has all the mystery that one could think of . as we start to walk down the pathway from that room we come upon this odd looking room as well . we turn left and find another mystical room with a door to go to another . as we walk through we come to the open area of an art museum . we end our mystical trip back outside of the hall of wonders .
[male] and i went out for a bike ride . [male] believes that he will become the next greatest bike rider . [male] was going so fast here , he was like a rocket ! he came to the pier first , and so we had to buy pizza . he was going so fast , he slept like a dear !
two women sit at a restaurant table and eat their dinner . they walk through the restaurant and see statues standing in a corner . the beach is next and they take a bike ride . the coast of the beach has gorgeous mountains and trees . the two women pose by the ocean for a final picture .
families were told about what to expect when their loved ones deployed . soldiers were in a meeting in another room . they filled out next of kin and other such data . they sadly made their way to the planes . wives and children looked on , proud but sad .
i was planning on celebrating halloween alone at a local diner . then , a cute girl in costume invited me to her party . there , she introduced me to a bunch of dressed-up women . i liked the sugar plum fairy ! there was a big turnout , and i was glad i had n't just sat alone in the diner .
the couple decided they wanted a pirate themed wedding , so the bride and groom dressed up like pirates , and they got married by the water like pirates do . their wedding party played into the theme , as did their guests .
i was so tired of looking at the dingy city . i needed a change . i 'm up for a road trip . goodbye hustle and bustle . ah ... fresh air ! i can feel myself relaxing already . that trip was great and i 've returned to work with new energy . i '' m enjoying my class so much more now . maybe i should get away more often .
some taggers got creative and spraypainted the snowdrifts . some messages were political . some messages were ironic . others were just tags . obvious there was more than one . what a cool idea !
we went to pick up maxx from the air port the other day . we live in a small town , so it was a big deal for him to come back and see us . we all went out after the meeting to get some food . we had the place to ourselves that night as it was a weeknight . we ate and drake our fill . it was a good night to have old maxx back with us .
we arrived at the lodge for vacation . indoor was very quaint , with a fireplace that looked cozy . the deck was beautiful , wrapped around a large tree . the view was so peaceful . it was hard to believe that we were just across the water from the city .
a woman named [female] was very happy and excited because she was going to go sightseeing . one of the things she saw while shopping were beautifully crafted cups . her friend , [female] , also went with her , and took a break along a brick wall . one of the sillier things they saw was a stone money with sunglasses . at the end of the day , [female] was tired and shy about getting her picture taken
we went to the zoo there was a pink flamingo the giraffe was laughing the meercat was stinky and the warthog was mean
we took a trip to an old cemetery today . some of the graves looked lonely and not very well cared for . there were funny things scattered about as well . this grave looked recent and had a tone of flowers . it belonged to a loving wife and mother .
there were a lot of people at the halloween party yesterday . some of the makeup looked very real . i met a lot of interesting people there . some of them wanted me to give them my phone number . after a while it got late and i left , but everyone was still having a great time .
i went down to the pier last week . there were a lot of birds out there . i took many pictures of them . they were relaxing at the pier . there were many different kinds .
[male] was getting married . he was worried he was making the worst mistake of his like . his friends tried to talk him out of the wedding . his parents agreed with his friends . [male] got drunk in an attempt to drown out his nervousness . [male] had made a commitment and despite his foolishness , he married the girl of his nightmares .
we went to a fabulous flea market with all kinds of treasures . the flea market was filled with interesting items galore . nearby , the organization organization was a quaint and beautiful place . this old building was also beautiful and looked like it had many secrets . we also ate a wonderful breakfast of sausage , eggs and other wonderful foods .
the bride poses for a photo before her wedding . the flower girls wait to walk down the aisle . the newly weds take a picture after the ceremony . they also take a picture with the whole family . they celebrate their marriage with their first dance together as husband and wife
some where over there in a small ton they need people to help them rebuild . our location soldiers are there to help the people out . soldiers spend time painting and culking . some time the women of the town bring the kids to meet the soldiers in order for them to know who is helping . a lot of the time the kids are happy to see the soldiers .
i went for a walk downtown earlier . i saw a motorcycle with three wheels . some of the garbage cans were broken . the church had beautiful stained glass windows . afterward i finally arrived back at my apartment .
my friends and i went on a trip by train . while on the train , we decided to go to the dinning car . in the dinning car , they had a wonderful selection of local wines . we each grabbed our glasses and the wine we wanted and sit down to all have wine together . that train ride was so much fun !
we went to an technology show . they had some unusual things . my dad liked this scooter thing . there were lots of small robots . there were some bi robots too .
i took some photos of the signs at the demonstration . this sign had a strong message . this sign expressed a common theme here at the demonstration . hundreds gathered for this peaceful demonstration . location had a share of demonstrators represented as well .
there was a great turnout for the lecture . everyone was at attention waiting for the speaker . she was very knowledgeable and spoke well . she had everyone on the edge of their seats . many people took notes to remember her facts .
there was an event today for the elders . everyone was having a great time talking and communicating . there was a even a man on stage to give a speech . a woman also had something she wanted to say to the crowd . overall , there were three people giving speeches and each of them were important .
the band played the music in a reverent way . they brought the casket out . they placed the casket in the hearse . the dignitaries followed behind . they had a gentleman give an account of the happenings inside .
this is the historical dental museum . on the inside you can see many things , like the look of an old office . they also showcase old displays of teeth and medical gear . they actually have boxes full of teeth ! they even show an old skull that looks like it had something wrong with it .
we started the hike in the misty early morning . before long , we were passing some amazing waterfalls . around midday , we made it to location location location . we were tired , and very glad there were horses to rent to ride there ! [female] loved the day , and she looked beautiful outdoors .
old and young enjoying dessert . birthday parties are always the best . enjoying watching the children play . everyone gathered for all the sweet treats ! too busy tucking in to smile for the camera !
i thought it would be a lovely day to visit the botanical gardens . looks like there is a big celebration going on . wonder whats going on . oh snap ! , it 's a live street dance off . i got twenty on the bald guy . wha-the ? i think they just did a twilight dance . everything is in black and white . well , looks like we are in the twilight zone . anyone got a paint brush ?
it is time to go to the market and see what is for sale . there are pots of spices in the market . here is a huge bowl of saffron ! there are people that sell home made goods . here is some home made syrup for sale .
family and friends gathered at the house . it was a nice warm day . they spent time on paddle boats on the lake . they enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere . they ended the night with a fun board game .
i cleaned my plate . but then the food reappeared . i followed it up with some pie . there were some beautiful flowers . then i saw a beautiful sunset .
we put on quite a luncheon at the office . there was a lot of meats and veggies . everyone cleaned their plates though . we were pretty sparse with the decor . the decor was simple , but it worked out fine .
my life is dull . i take photos of my breakfast . i also take photos of empty plates . this is my computer . there was a crack in the drywall .
here you see the small restaurant off the side of the road . inside you can see that a seat is open to be seated . or you can seat here and order items more quickly . first you get is a drink , like tea or coffee . afterwards you can order meals , like these if you brought two extra friends with you .
there was a wedding ceremony outside of manhattan . a small number of the bride and groom 's family decided to come along . they said their vows with a gorgeous view of the city in the background . then they exchanged their rings . the couple were finally married !
the market was flourishing on a sunday afternoon . fresh produce was piled on itself . the watermelon vendor arrived a little late . some of the fruits were oddly shaped . i called a taxi and left after shopping for a while .
started the day off by painting her nails . enjoying the beach with her father and brother . blowing out the candles of her birthday cake . birthday girl having a moment of anger . her face quickly changes to a smile .
graduation was finally here . we are so proud of her . the family was all there . the rest of the family showed up . we celebrated with drinks .
a group of coworkers decided they wanted to have a party . they bought some fancy wine glasses for the occasion , and drank from those fancy wine glasses . they had lots of good food , and even some good entertainment .
family and old friends got together for a trip by the coast . the daughter is still not as tall as she wishes she was . there is a bike path you can take for miles by the ocean . it is very introspective to watch the waves slowly crash into the shore . day trips with nature always help families bond .
an outside light guards the fenced in area waiting for construction crews . a hand drawn rendering of what will eventually exist on the construction site . mounds of dirt are ll that remain in the area that has recently been cleared away . an old building is being destroyed to make way for a new day . an empty parking lot awaits the return of the builders to work on their construction project .
this child was so happy to play outside . he found some mushrooms in the field . all of a sudden he got really scared . he felt something sticky against his hands . it turned out he touched the spiderweb of a hungry spider .
i decided to throw a halloween party this year , and this was my boyfriends costume . my friends certainly did not disappoint with their costumes either . i think he is trying to be more than one individual with this costume . we have a real life rockstar at the party , so my sister decided to take a picture with him . my sister seems to be attracted to all of the stars .
on their way to the cemetery . following the casket . carrying the casket , for a final farewell . the lady is inconsolable after the tragic loss of her friend . putting the casket six feet under .
when i got to the party everyone wanted my autograph . i was happy to take pictures with them all . i got to meet a lot of different people . after a while i got tired and decided to head home . it was a great party though .
do you see this huge crowd ? look at all these people . everyone having fun and laughing . people singing and dancing . everyone together , no fights , no hate , just everyone together for one focus . this is what concerts are all about .
these were some pictures i took on my trip skiing last winter . my husband looks very comfy . i thought we were skiing ? this was a picture of the trail . it looks so pretty . more pictures of the mountain . i could not get over how amazing the site was . yeah rock n ' roll ! we have a lot of fun .
a look down the table at our family gathering . the food looked amazing at the meal . mom and dad seemed to be having a wonderful time . [female] starred deeply into the wine bottle . dad cracked one of his famous dirty jokes .
we went to the zoo today and got to see so many animals my son feel in love when we got to see the zebras i me myself i could n't wait to see the polar bears jump in the water and swim we ended up making a second pass around the zebras for my son so while my son went to look at the zebras i went back to enjoy more of the polar bears
[male] is doing really well in soccer . [male] is like a tasmanian devil with the soccer ball . [male] takes the game very seriously and will not let anyone else get in the way . the game was exciting and fun for everyone . there were no injuries but everyone took the game very seriously .
we needed to get groceries today . i never noticed the flooring between these buildings before . here we are at central market . fresh cabbage ! ca n't wait to make pigs in the blanket . snapped this picture remember what was playing at the theatre this week . i had to zoom in , because i just adore this statute .
dining out in a foreign country is always an experience . they put salt in our hot chocolate , and when we asked why , they handed us a book about salt . the pubs have a million different beers , and they are all warm . sometimes the dining areas have an interesting ambience ... like this place where we ate in a hallway . this soup i tried was pretty good though i 'm not sure what was in it . but , i was n't a fan of hard-boiled eggs on my sandwich .
it was [male] 's birthday so they took him out to a club . most of his friends showed up . even his brother [male] came . [female] 's ex showed up and caused a scene . all in all , it was a great night for [male] .
on our trip we got to see geysers . they shot water and steam up into the air hundreds of feet . we also went to the hot springs . these hot springs were n't for bathing in . they were too hot for that .
the students prepared for their demonstration downtown tonight . they took their tents out of boxes and started to set them up . then they sat in them . they sat in them all night , while passerby wandered by and wondered what they were up to .
the band has a gig tonight and decides to set everything up prior to the event . first , the vocals and sound is checked . [male] sounds great ! next , keyboard is checked . the keyboard adds so much to the band 's unique sound . [male] is making sure all the keys and strokes are ready for tonight . lastly , [male] sings the chorus to make sure that everyone is in tune and ready .
we took some photos today . we took a lot of them . we made up a set . and then we set up the cameras . today was a productive day .
a couple take a trip to organization and pose in front of the sign . the wife sits on the black couch and feels that it is comfortable . she tests the organization bed and wants to take a nap . they then decide to go have dinner at a fancy restaurant . when they come home , they see their dogs chewing hard on a stuffed animal .
the boys posed cool for the picture . the boys enjoyed playing a game of cops and robbers in the house . the boys watched their favorite movie on the television . the boys made funny clothes out of plastic bags . the boys pretended they were at a wrestling match .
enjoying the day at the local pond . loving the duck statue . look at all the cute ducklings . my kids love them . sitting the grass relaxing for awhile . posing with a frog .
my dad took me to the baseball game because i made good grades . here is me and my dad having a great time . the game was very close here everyone was cheering . my dad took me to the field to take some pictures it was awesome . overall we had a great day at the game , here is the last picture on the field before we left .
after a long time i finally graduated . everybody game to the graduation ceremony . the school mascot was there to show support . there were a lot of student 's graduating . the cameras at the event made it easier to watch .
marching is important to the military . marines practice marching everyday . the unit rehearsed for the big event . the new marines were proud of their accomplishments . promotion is something to be proud of .
the reception was a lot of fun today ! we ate a lot of fruit and snacks ! the girls danced in the gazebo and looked very pretty in their dresses . we took some family photos to show the beautiful day ! the smile on her face captured the wedding day perfect !
time for a parade to let everyone know that we have dreams . even the sororities can come out to show they have dreams . i am apart of this dream having group and i am proud . these 2 men are letting everyone know , `` we have dreams ! '' the whole neighborhood has finally joined in and could not be happier to let everyone know that we have dreams !
everything was so rustic in the new car . and the land scapes added to the experience . everything was so beautiful . we just watched it all in amazement . and drove away , happy for the day .
two friends went downtown so they could watch their favorite band play live . there was food served to everyone that came out . there was also games to be played before the band came out to play . when the band finally did come out to play , the whole audience went crazy . alcohol was served and everyone had a good time .
sargent corpral was recieving an important medal today . after he got his medal , some of the officers wrote it down in the big book . then he had to be interviewed for the military tv show . he talked about how he had won the medal and what it meant to the people . the news reporters were very impressed by his story .
friends , family and coworkers of my uncle 's retiree party . my grandma , grandpa and my son enjoying lunch and chatting about life . [male] is bringing out all the cake.there were enough deserts on the table . not only did we have cake , but there were cupcakes and other deserts.so many sweets ! there are the signs i helped to make for the retiree party.the main one i worked on was the congratulations retirees .
he looked on at the sign emblazoned with `` this is war '' and contemplated how true the statement was . one of the festival goers picked up a rainbow hoola hoop and attempted to beat the record . the woman stepped up the microphone and began to rally the crowd . the festival goers looked on , and their forms stretched almost as far as the road itself . one of the musicians held up a fist and pumped up the crowd before blazing into a guitar solo .
we wanted to film a `` how-to '' video to help them make a halloween mask . we set up the computer to film us . we took pictures of our supplies . we thought we looked very professional . we had trouble making sure our directions made sense , though . we stopped when we had to explain how to sew on the feathers . we have decided that those directions are so complicated we need to write them down .
the graduates are ready to go , it`s organized mayhem in here . people are giving themselves the last look in the mirror . celebration is in the air , partying will definitely ensue . the teachers were there in full support of the students . family and friends could not wait to hug and kiss the graduates .
we live in a rural area . we 're able to keep chickens at our house . this is my mom showing off the hen house . this is my mom showing off her favorite hen . her favorite part of the whole thing is when the chicks hatch .
my dream of being on the football field finally came true . i got to have a tour if the players bus . the coach gave an awesome speech . i watched as they did interviews and got to see behind the scenes . but the best part was meeting all of the players .
half the community showed up to help set up the new park . adults and children both came to lend a helping hand . it was a cold day , but everyone helped carry in the mulch . the kids had a lot of fun making a difference . it was a good afternoon to spend with friends for a good cause .
it is nighttime in the city . the van parks by the fence . people begin to get out of the van . two people set up a camera . a huge group of people poses for a picture .
while we were in location we visited several flea markets . they had unique stuff for sale . we stayed at the organization organization . the building looked ancient . we had a full english breakfast .
to have a little something special for our memory books we decided to take photos in the location filter . here is where the reception was held . my best friend [male] was so nervous too . the ring for my bride . we took a long time to think about how we wanted it to look . we even had a crown made for her , for she truly is a [female] ! celebrating with family was so awesome . everybody was in such a celebratory mood . a day to never , ever forget !
fireworks are an american tradition . even though they were invented in location , americans use them to celebrate july 4th . the displays of patriotism are common all over the location . in most areas fireworks are illegal . they 're still commonly sold because americans love to blow stuff up .
there are family reunions , and then there are family reunions where the people are actually happy to see each other . many of the [male] family catch up with their cousins they have n't seen in a long time . embarrassing siblings tell the tales of their travels and somehow seems less embarrassing than inspiring . some things never change though , and it 's not long before the croquet mallets come out . it turns out some have been practicing over the last few years !
today was [male] 's last day to see her sister . [male] posed with her sister rianna , trying to get a good memory for a photo . rianna held onto dad not wanting to go . mom grabbed her though and quickly led her away . all that remains of the families relationship is this scrapbook page .
surely a [male] catholic church with that architecture . this view is n't all that attractive . the world is winding down as the sun departs over the horizon . as evening begins to creep closer , the city begins to look even better . there 's always construction of new , modern buildings going on .
we had a great halloween with our friends . everyone was happy and came excited . we tried to make the place as creepy as possible . the food was great , we all ate as much as we could . some people showed up in masks , they were pretty scary .
this was a very eerie yet beautiful place to take photos these old gravestones are surreal but captivating . the old font used in these tombs were very interesting . these tombs looked stood out for their uniqueness . even the gate was very artistic .
the guests arrived to the mansion for the party . they found wonderful artwork everywhere . then they mingled with everyone else that had arrived . it was time for everyone to head to the ballroom . after that everyone sat down for dinner .
this is a party that a my friends and i went to . we all watched people playing video games all night . here are a couple people playing the games . this dog was too cute to not take a picture of him . we played some ping pong before heading home for the night .
there was a fun time at the airport . people were dancing and taking photos of themselves as well as random people . people were greeting others as well .
i got vip tickets to see the superbowl . they arrived in a luxurious coach bus . i got a chance to have a meet and greet with the coach of my favorite team . i also got to meet a few of the players . it was n't until i saw the number 5 in my heart started to race , he was my favorite player of all time !
everyone brought gifts to the birthday party , but the kids did n't care . they just wanted to play with in the sandbox . the birthday boy cared about the presents though , and the rest of the adults worked on crafting to make the party venue look fantastic .
fireworks lit up the sky as we left the town . we heard the bells ringing as well as others fled before the others could get them . we headed for the closest mountain range , that 's where we were told the closest camp was . we listed to the silos and everything creak as the monsters attempts to scramble up them . we were trying to get there before the storm would hit .
i like orange stuff . like the orange on this flag . i also like my hate . i took lots of pictures of my hat . my hat is epic .
our family dinner this evening . lots of wine flowing . here i am trying to figure out how to eat more without telling anyone . my brothers are just awesome . i miss when they are not around . here is our new christmas poem we all created together . this was an incredible party . glad to see everyone again .
the tomy catalog featured pages of wonderful toys such as these stuffed animals . there was also a dollhouse that any little girl would enjoy . for young boys , the model train set would be a great choice . the catalog also featured a few interesting toy robots . of course , there were also action figures which are always a popular choice .
mom had received lots of gifts on her birthday . geoff and mom posing for a picture together . geoff and [female] making funny faces for the camera . geoff , [male] , and [female] posing for a shot . [female] , geoff , and [male] together again .
we started the day off with a bit of tricycling . many of us were also wearing funny costumes . a man and his child were dressed like beaker from the organization . many of us proceeded through the city . it was a huge gathering .
they were doing a fun talk on items from history . they talked about the different gravestones around . the two presenters bantered back and forth making the talk interesting and funny . they showed a lipstick knife . then one of the presenters dressed up like a lady drawing many laughs .
location ! this is where we stayed . not sure i could get used to living on water . we took a gondola ride , and he even sang to us . creepy , narrow alleyway . not going down there . time for lunch . it 's nice eating outside except for the birds . even the fresh produce is on boats . just too weird .
it was the last game of the year . the rivalry between the two teams was intense . both teams were evenly matched . but when [male] saw an opportunity , they took it . and scored the winning point of the game .
i went to visit the capitol the other day . i took my daughter with me . we spent a lot of time at the parks . we were sight seeing all day . we got really tired of walking everywhere .
[male] is a photographer for a magazine . he takes pictures of gardens around the world . today [male] is taking pictures of a garden in location . the garden is vast and full of various plants and flowers . this garden may have a chance to make the front page of the magazine .
i took all my friends to the parade last weekend . there were so many unique floats . a lot of the performers were wearing strange outfits . we had a great time there . we took many pictures .
the bell was old but not rusty and it was in the tall tower . the shops were outside the tower and the buildings were even connected in the city with the orange roofs .
dad was helping [female] as she dressed for the school play . she happily receives his help and shows off her face paint . she is now ready with the headpiece and wings . the side view shows the wings more clearly . she joins her class and occupies the central point in the class picture . thanks for your help , dad .
[male] was in deep thought waiting for the st. [male] 's party to start . the guys were doing last minute work on the tarp . when the party started though it was fun , and here 's [male] posing for a pic . [male] and his boyfriend [male] enjoyed themselves too . later on , [male] got a little sleepy though .
today we did a lot of different things . we went an ate some food . then we got out into the water . we decided to go ride bicycles . it was a very active day .
today we run for charity , this sign explains it all . you start on one side , you end on the other . it will be a great circle of a run . the competitors were all gathered , competition was in the air . the lake we were going to run around was pretty big and deep . before we raced however we ate a hearty meal .
i took the kids to the coast for some sightseeing after lunch . these statues were taller than us ! we rode bikes along the beach . we also saw this beautiful lighthouse . i had to get a photo with the path and lighthouse in the background .
our friend opened a brewery in our city . the brewery features a variety of beers . many guests gathered to try some of the beers outside the brewery . a local newscaster visited the brewery . at the end of the day , more guests than anticipated arrived .
welcome to location , the greeting entering the campus . food was available for students outside . inside students are lounging comfortably while studying . students outside are meeting and planning . after a long day it 's time for the students to return home .
we had a track meet this weekend . everyone worked hard for this moment and tried to take first place . only one can win through and [male] made it first . everyone was really excited and did their best . it was a success that will be repeated next year .
i helped my brother who had his four kids for the weekend while his wife was out of town . they were so cute ! it kept him busy keeping them busy . the baby was a doll ! his wife had mad a delicious cherry pie for us .
my friends have a great sense of humor . they dressed crazy for the halloween party . one looked like a doctor clown . one of my friends made a very convincing slash . several went as cross-dressers .
the happy couple met up in the afternoon to grab lunch downtown and head out on a hike . the architecture and details at the restaurant were ornate and beautiful . modern , yet had classic elements mixed in . the building itself was a very old building , which had one of the very first freight elevators in the city . after a couple miles of moderate climbing , the couple found themselves at the beautiful cascading waterfall . the couple enjoyed the swing bridge over the river canyon below .
my husband is the bread winner of the family . hi , i have been his wife for 35 years . this is our daughter , we are pride of her . my husband is speaking with the men and women about his job . everyone is having a big dinner while talking with each other .
the dog was n't prepared for what was about to happen that night . there were giant turtles everywhere ! horrible monsters and cute princesses . the house was full of weirdness . what surprised him the most though was seeing [female] . yes , that [female] . the one from wonderland .
we had a meeting to discuss the plans the director gave further directions outside then we all got to work everything was going smooth , and we were getting things done everyone chipped in , and it was a great success
she had wanted to visit the area for a long time . she had finally made it . the day started with a quick drink . then it was off to see the sights . she even came across a vintage car .
the model was super cute , she loved showing off her body . she lied on the bed very innocently . she continued showing off her body at all angles . a nice view from the back . she finally goes topless .
we arrived at the house in the mountains . it was very well kept but the patio and fire pit needed some attention . the guest house was pretty but had a strange style . from the deck , we could see hawks and buzzards soaring over the mountains . we did n't have a bird 's eye view , but ours was more than pretty enough for us .
[male] pulled up to the picnic with his custom built horse trailer . once parked they prepared to serve the many guests . the trailer had actually been modified into a small kitchen complete with a table . people mingled as the food was being prepared . eventually everyone got in line to eat and enjoy [male] 's famous ribs .
there are many types of horns and bone . this is a ram horn and it has been shined well . next there is a horn that has been made into a pipe . a curved horn has been rubbed and shined . finally there is a straight piece of bone that has been shaped .
the ancient structure was taken over by the plants . a tree had taken root and grown very tall on top the building . another tree had knees with roots that covered the stone fence . moss was beginning to grow on the ancient wall . from the doorway you could see the plants on the other side .
the whole family came out for support . he was excited to start the race but not about getting up so early . the race was well underway and he made it . we celebrated together afterwards . he said he was starving .
first day of school for my two . sis leans on big bro for a confidence boost . it does n't take long to get wacky though . are you two ready for school yet . yay here come the bus .
she was headed to meet her friend who is planning on showing her around . it 's her first time in the city . her friend takes her to this really down to earth restaurant . where they meet up with some of her local friends . they all sit down for a nice meal before doing some sight seeing .
i went to a flea market with some interesting pieces . there were some great vintage boots . there were some slightly-deformed cartoon characters . even location made an appearance . but i do n't think i want to know what the puppies booth entails .
preparing the wedding cake was a daunting task since it consisted of more than one piece . i started to feel dizzy after midnight since i 've been helping my cousins prepare it . luckily they 've handled most of the manual work . the finished product was nice although i expected a better look . putting everything together , i was glad to invest my time towards helping .
historic papers had a history to tell . details of life a century ago was in fine print . there were images to accompany the print . there was much green space then as well . many were homes owned by early settlers .
the couple plans to exchange their vows before men and before god as they marry in their church . they exchange the vows as their minister presides . the couple is presented to the witnesses . they dance at the reception . they each add their mom to one of the post wedding photos . they have prayed that god will bless this union .
sporting a green st. [male] 's day hat , a man holds a stuffed animal , while his friend looks bemused . a guy is shown up close , grinning at the camera while wearing a tall black guinness hat . a woman chats with a friend over a meal during the festivities . more people gather together and converse while drinking beer . with his hair pulled back , you can clearly see the shamrock painted on the side of his face as he studiously poses for the camera .
today i got to take a trip to my husbands work . this is the trolley . here 's me and my husband at his job . wow , a rocket , i think it will go to location someday . what , a new car for the future , shhh , it flies but it 's hush hush . here is another car , this one drives itself . shh , do n't tell anyone .
this lady in pink sure is having a go-go at it ! let 's gather with our friends for our annual halloween festivities . even pikachu needs to unwind every once and awhile . [male] is here to welcome you and yours to the halloween party . if you need a ride to the hood , these girls are ready .
a group of friends decided to take a walk in the peaceful organization organization . one of them stopped to pose with the famous duckling statues that were inspired by a children 's story . they watched a group of children enjoying the ducklings themselves . they paused for a brief rest in the shade of a tree . these playful frog statues also caught their eye .
the protest was for [male] [male] who had been gunned down by the police . people made banners with his picture . they demanded justice . everyone blamed the police . the rogue cops had given them all a bad name .
i went to the park yesterday to read a new book about architectural design . most the homes in my neighborhood , like this one , are kind of mundane . i do appreciate homes with spacious , covered porches . there are , of course , exceptions , as this is one of the nicest homes i have ever seen . however , my favorite house in the neighborhood is undoubtedly this one .
third world countries need a lot of help . things like this is the reason why health is n't good . here is what used to be an old shed turned into a trash bin . maybe we can get all the goats to clean up the trash ! that is why we are here to help make this a better place . things like this is what gives me purpose .
we went whiskey tasting in location . the buffalo trace brewery was the best place to be . we saw how they made beer as well . and saw all the caskets in the basement . we bought a bunch of bottles of whiskey to take home in the end .
the reception was beautifully decorated with golds and pinks . the beautifully ribbons on tied around the pink roses were placed at every seat . the wedding cake is delightful with fresh berries and flowers . let 's take a peek at the bride and groom . the bride 's dress is intricately detailed with tulle and fabric covered buttons . the delicate wedding cake is complimented by the fresh berries and a dollop of sauce .
the funeral for the soldier was uniform . they gave him a proper send off . they folded the flag above his grave . [female] and her brother attended . their family was reunited in this sad time .
i spent a few hours at the bar with my friend 's yesterday . i had n't seen them in a long time . they were very happy to see me . i also got to meet some new people while i was there . we drank a lot as well .
we stacked the tub full of ice and brews . the party just started with a bang . everyone got a round of beers and we all began to play drunk musical chairs . then there were two and the wasted chair throwing game was finally over . after the game we all got together and played kings cup . [male] made a rule that ended up working in his favor very well .
the wedding ceremony is held inside a church . the bride and groom hold hands . they face toward the crowd . they take a moment to dance . lastly , the couple takes a picture with their mothers .
a service for someone who was perhaps a cowboy due to the wagon . family and friends come to pay their last respects to the departed . a picture taken as a memorial to the person that passed away . the coffin being brought from the church . the coffin being placed in the wagon by friends and family for transport .
weddings are one of the most special occasions in life . loving friends and family surround the bride and groom on their special day . fathers dance with the daughters they just gave away in marriage and moms dance with sons who have started on their own path to creating their family . everyone joins in the celebration during the reception after the wedding . all are there to wish the bride and groom the best future possible .
when traveling around the flea market can be a great tourist attraction . you find all kinds of old items you have never even seen before . flea markets can often be surrounded by other buildings that draw attention . even old buildings with tall tales can draw attention when traveling . and what better way then to start a day then to sit back at fine restaurants and eat a hearty breakfast .
the midday sun shone orange yellow through the umbrella . a semi-drunk man took a picture with an old style camera . the family smiled ; all except sad suzy , who contemplated her beverage . a father tells his son he 's still too young to drink . his brother , however , is old enough to indulge , and does .
it 's a gathering for the fall birthdays within our family . delicious cakes like this are crafted lovingly just for this purpose . we ca n't wait to eat them , and boy do they smell good . how good , you might wonder ? so good that they 're worth licking the air for in hopes of a taste ! finally the moment that we 've all been waiting for arrives , and it 's time to dig in .
we decided to go to the organization organization parade to find my dad . we entered through a giant balloon archway . it was very noisy as kids were blowing horns . people were marching with flags . finally we found my dad .
we headed out on the town at night . it was lit up beautifully . we walked the town a lot during that time . we went to a few awesome exhibits . it got a little weird sometimes .
the scene from inside the cave inside the cave was unique and cold . i enjoyed this vintage sign . the sign that reminds we are home after our vacation a treat at home .
when we went to the church on the vacation we got to see great stained glass windows . you could see them so clearly with the light creeping in behind . we got to see this memorial for a man from the church . the church from the outside was gorgeous in front of the blue sky . we saw many memorials for people from the church .
she wore a red dress with blue high top sneakers . the older women laughed about it . sneakers helped her boogie . she broke a strap on her dress when she was dancing . at the end of the night they toasted her sneakers .
location troops are dispatched to location last month . solders and snipers are vigilantly performing their duties . they are also meeting the local leaders . some of the female soldiers visit local girls ' school . the soldiers even attend the meetings of local people in different villages .
our annual ski trip was in location this year . my husband took a short rest to enjoy the sunshine . here 's the view from the mountain top . that 's where the ski lift takes us . way up there . this was our best ski trip ever . i love location .
people were walking and seeing the flags before going to the open air stadium . they then went back to the tents to socialize with people . the festival continued the next day .
when the sun arose , i took a picture of this lake . my friends and i ventured to this spot to get more pictures . around noon , we visited the church to go to service . as a field trip , my ministry went to enjoy a waterfall . towards the end of the day , we went back to the nice hotel .
there were several plates to choose from . the band played for hours . they had both originals and covers . the guests ate endlessly that night . and played with the music set when the band was done .
[male] steals the ball from the other team . [male] lets the ball get ahead of him loses possession . [male] heads the ball to another team member . the boys rush after the ball with reckless abandon . [male] really tries to head the ball into the goal .
the journey to the island 's beach was long , but for us that was part of the fun . tall grass turned brown from the fall weather stretched out on either side of the path we followed . the sky above was a beautiful blue against a light dusting of clouds . i treasure the memories i have walking that path with my older sister . i guess i really treasure all my memories from that beach .
location and [male] had their wedding at a church last night . location started off the day by having her hair done . then her maid of honor helped her put on her wedding dress . location and [male] said their `` i do 's '' in front of a beautifully lit up christmas tree . the bride and groom posed for pictures after the ceremony .
i walked into the building to give my speech . there were many topics that need to be covered . we stood there and reviewed them . members got to ask questions . we sat and came to an agreement .
the company social was appreciated by those that worked on the special project . some of the activities were recorded for memories sake . lots of delicious , but unhealthy goodies were served . and , lawn games were provided as well . the team 's success certainly made the party more enjoyable .
before the sun set , we were preparing for our night 5k run . it did not take long before the streets were dark . some of the racers were doing more chatting than racing . the city was full of spectators , racers , and other people who were there to have a fun evening in the city . my favorite part of the evening was running through this section of crowded street while getting high fives as i passed by .
the halloween party last night was a lot of fun . there were a lot of cupcakes for everybody . the music was very loud . a lot of people enjoyed the cupcakes . afterward we were all very tired from dancing and partying .
today i brought my family to a big festival . they were selling many things like clothes and food . my daughter met a friend of hers there and they had fun . there were a lot of people and they look like they enjoyed themselves . there were three guys there who were setting up to perform later on . my wife bought herself a nice purse . everyone had a great time .
families went camping near the beach and they watched the fireworks . people ate inside the tent . they also took the time to speak to each other . many families and friends stayed there overnight . mostly it was a successful event that went well into the morning .
we planned on starting the day with some painting . however , we remembered we lived in location location location . i googled the best activities in our city ... and , we ended up in location location for a long stroll and a day of peace . we caught the subway back to location and talked about our day .
lady taking pictures with her students at their learning center . kids outside dancing and playing jump-rope . then they stop and have story time with the kids . some kids play with they bikes and some are playing over objects . now all the kids are grabbing each other and following a man .
another rally . an important rally . recently there has been a freeze on the budget . one of the services hit by this freeze is treatment for aids . we may not look like a large crowd , but we feel our voices will be heard . our voices were heard . more people joined our cause . we will stand united .
we all went hiking in the woods together . in the trunk of a tree , my friend drew a face . there were some rocks planted in the soil . there was also a yellow fungus growing on the outside of the tree . one of the women drank water because she was thirsty .
the area at the border is really tense . snipers are always ready for whatever 's coming . the locals are used to the guards . the soldiers always seem to be on edge , but their used to their mission . some are more laid back , but still at the ready .
the voodoo lounge held a halloween party . there was a lot of people and a foggy mist that added a haunting mood to the party . the mist even covered the ground as people roamed the venue . even the fireplace was decorated with spooky decorations . overall , the party was very spooky but everyone had a good time .
a little girl is by a cone . this is a picture of a couple . this is a picture of the audience . a couple is getting married . this is a picture of a wedding cake .
i really love kittens . are n't they beautiful . my friends and i decided to take pictures posing in our room that we made turn out to look of nothing but cats . we are all making silly poses to take . our friend here decided to just stand there and not show any emotion at all . my friend here decided to dance to her music all while making different poses for the camera .
the prom is here and everyone looks great . the couples are getting ready to go off and have a fun night . corsages are being given out by the gentlemen . what a nice pair these two make . one last photo before driving off to the last night of being a high schooler .
we had a very nice view from the apartment before dinner the man was carving up the turkey to prepare for the feast the table was set and the food was ready to be devoured she loved the food so much she ate from the serving plate . she was very happy with all the food and the company of friends
it was my two dad 's birthdays today . my sister and i threw them a party . [female] and [male] came . they were the life of the party . my little nephew [male] and his dad [male] played around the pool most of the time . [female] and [male] rounded everyone up and made a comical toast to my two dad 's . [female] my niece kissed [male] on the face and wished him a merry christmas ! i do n't think she knew it was summer time .
today we 're having our annual high school parade . everyone will attend , this is the boy scouts alumni . here comes our high school band , best in town . these are our famous drummers , they are very good . here are our speakers for this years parade .
my daughter loves to go to school and this was her first day . she was so excited . she made friends quickly and started playing almost immediately . at lunch she was watching other students play hula-hoop with a dog then it was quiet time and they all sat and learned about the game they were going to play with a green ball . at the end of the day everyone was exhausted and said their good byes and left for the busses . a good first day !
this beautiful victorian house with it 's great chandeliers and it 's awesome paintings was the perfect place to have a party . they set up chairs and hired a band , and everyone had a great time .
the cruise ship look so majestic as it comes in the port . friends are waiting to greet the passengers . the port is all decked out for christmas , including this wonderful tree . this lamp is so cool , i wonder where you find such a thing . any of the passengers would like to get their picture taken professionally certainly have that option here .
greetings from the disneyland halloween party ! i dressed like a goth . surprisingly , i got a fair amount of candy ! i also saw so spooky ghost dancers , and even count [male] ! [female] to see you thanksgiving !
we went to a small town in location to met the people . they were very friendly and welcoming . they offered us the best ice cream . the souvenirs were just amazing . my son was very happy with his elephant .
the clock in the tower was overdue for restoration . the workers removed the temporary center of the clock face . finally , it comes free and the workers can move on to the next step . working on the scaffolding outside is scary , but necessary to get access to the clock face . we ca n't wait to see the clock when its fully restored .
i learned how to play a new game . my character was barber yumyum . the game was like being on an lsd trip . there was a strange spaceship looking thing . and puzzle pieces i was n't sure what to do with . you also could build things .
we went to the state fair . fair food is the best food . we watched the rodeo . we went into the petting zoo to see the goats . we also saw all the crafts that won prizes .
out of bed ready to start my vacation . the crowd gathers around the geyser . patiently waiting for the geyser to erupt . the steam is shooting up in air . the crowd is happy they were able to witness the eruption .
this is a prime example of how hard working ants really are . this monarch is pure beauty . the flowers were in full bloom and beautiful this was a very cool looking flower the swallow was sitting on a branch .
the [male] signed the shipping receipt . they started to assemble the generator . final inspection of the generator . the [male] and his soldiers . they marched thru the town in a show of peaceful force .
the family decided to decorate pumpkins for halloween . we baked the pumpkin seeds from the pumpkins we carved out so we could eat them . the children placed a few pumpkins outside the front yard . carving a pumpkin inside a pumpkin was difficult , but it looked fascinating . we realized we scared some children away from our home . not many children stopped by to grab candy .
this women wore a very interesting dress . we met with some supporters who talked about the event . they all gathered in the middle of town square . some of my friends gathered together to talk about our options . i met this woman on the side who taught me about life .
we had a halloween party this year . the cake was a grave . the place had karaoke , too . everyone got a little drunk . everyone hung out while really drunk .
there is a memorial service going on today . a grieving daughter looks down at her father . she is then escorted through a bunch of military men . her escort greets guests . and also powerful men after the funeral .
a green light gives the building an eerie look . the light sculpture adds color to the night . a ornate hotel lit up at night . the hotel across the street lit up for the night . the sunset means night is coming soon to the town .
it was time for graduation at uf . [male] was graduating with many of his peers . after his graduation , he had to take a picture with the school mascot ! he was really great friends with his professors . he even went to church with one of his professors !
our little town has a lot to offer . it 's rural but it 's beautiful an old rustic park bench shows the serenity of the area . the blue sky show our town to be under clear weather today ! our small businesses give our town some of its rustic charm . the little cafe on the corner is always eager to meet and greet .
this is the largest turn out this year for a baseball game . i just love the mascots uniforms . aunt [female] is wondering when the game will start . this game is going to be a close one . what is baseball with out the arguments ?
getting ready to take apart the clock for the upgrade . all equipment in placed and now beginning to that the clock apart . we have gotten the clock down now we can take it for its upgrade . upgrade completed now we can proceed to replace the clock back up . almost finished with replacing the upgraded clock back in place .
my ship visited location , location and i was able to go ashore . i traded duty with another fellow so i could spend extra time seeing the sights . i tried their watermelon , and while it was good , our melons in location are sweeter . everything seemed so colorful as i walked about . this shop was a little like a delicatessen and offered pistachios , oiled olives , cabbage pickled in beet juice and sliced peppers .
i went down to the wedding party . there were tons of people there . we were having some drinks outside . there was a lot of food . i ate a lot of cupcakes .
my bother finally got married . him and his wife like to joke around . here is my new sister in law posing with my parents . they 're really in love . i took one final shot to remember the visit .
the family was gathering for dinner . [male] had made his famous raw steaks . mom and dad were very excited to not have to cook . the food was so bad they fed it to the dogs . after dinner was a cake which the girls promptly ate .
setting the tables nice and neat for the party . so wonderful that everyone could make it little one is finally getting a handle on feeding himself . this family encourages helping yourself ! after dinner ruminations with the family .
the kids set up a huge water slide on the hill . they looked down it in anticipation . everyone had a look of determination as they prepared to slide . the sister braved the slide first . they the smallest brother slid down .
first day of school . he hugged his brother and sister goodbye . all the kids on the block went to the bus stop . all lined up in a row . except the lawson kids , their mother would n't let them .
we had a blast at the radio station there was so much going on they had a cardboard cut out of the program director many jokes took place because of it many photo ops as well
the christmas decorations came out , even though it did n't look like winter outside . where the family lived did n't get much snow , but that did n't stop it from being cold . [male] still needed to wear pants and long sleeves to stay warm when he parked the car ! christmas still came to that little house on the hill , even though it was n't a white one .
the musicians take pictures with some fans before the performance . all their equipment is ready and she is playing the keys . the lead singer starts the song and the band plays together . the whole band can be seen performing . later in the night , another guitarist can be seen .
we took the day to visit an old abandoned ship . the name of the ship was jascon 27 . it had been used in war for many of years . it was so old it was starting to rust . overall , it was a great learning experience .
[female] at the award ceremony after her graduation . look at the crowd at the graduation [female] walks proud to accept her award [female] and grandmother taking a pic togther [female] at the alter saying her speech .
[female] and [male] were stranded in the rain they were able to get bikes to travel . they took the bikes and traded it in for a vespa , and continued to travel around the world . on their downtime they liked to do puzzles . at the end of the trip [male] left [female] for another woman .
it 's finally time for graduation day in our beautiful old hall . many family and friends attended our graduation . everyone is awed at the beauty of our hall 's architecture . the soft lights play well with the setting sun on our old school buildings . graduation day comes to a close with the setting sun .
the graduate and his good friend waiting for the big ceremony ! best buddies hamming it up on their way to grauate . waiting for his turn to give his speech . we are so happy to be moving on to our next chapter of life ! so relaxed at the end of the big day .
when i was at the museum i saw a lot great pieces of art . the entire building was beautiful . i had a great time there . it was so pretty . i took lots of pictures .
at first i was a bit worried about the company party having a luau theme . but the drinks had silly little umbrellas . and i 'm not sure how [male] potter relates to a luau theme , but the drinks were great . to liven things up i pretended to eat a lizard , i think i may have had too many of those umbrella drinks . in the end , after some good food and drinking , the party was a hit .
teaching children about other cultures can be fun . mr [male] came to our 4th grade class and taught the children about growing up in location . even though a lot of the kids there were chinese they had been born in the location and really did n't know a lot about it . [female] sat down and read some stories afterward , telling the children more about location . and then everyone pigged out on the treats mr. [male] brought the class .
it was the day of the big race . hundreds of people showed up in the city center to watch the runners . the finish line had two red arches ; people could see it from blocks away . other people lined up in the parking lot waiting for their runners to appear . one man decided to honor the veterans by taking his photo in front of the famous war scene .
it 's time to pick teams for war again . the white general starts calling out names . the bearded general starts calling on his turn . `` stop ! '' yells the caliph . raucous laughter from the peanut gallery , the bearded guy does n't actually get a turn .
workers with organization salons went to the beauty pageants . they did the contestants hair and makeup . the contestants looked great in their dresses . it was a great experience . the beauticians were proud of the contestants .
it was party time for my friends . i sat quietly in the background with my boyfriend . they got up and sang karaoke . the boys threw back some beers . the girls danced up on eachother .
getting ready for the meeting . trying to figure out what that is on the table . talking to a couple of friends in a meeting trying to figure out what is going on . having dinner with my co-workers .
so today was our big reward celebration for being army soldiers . these were my friends [male] , [male] , and [male] . [male] was a great guy and couldnt wait to show off his superiority . i got one too . i cant wait to shave this beard off ! all my buddies im so proud of them !
this is a picture of a woman . this is a picture of a car . this is a picture of a woman and a car . this is a picture of a car hood . this is a red car .
our visit to the zoo was quite a huge treat . of course , we started with the tiger . right next to him was the lions . i love to watch them interact . the chimp watches us as much as we watch him . my daughter loves the flamingos . i always tell her about how they are pink from eating shrimp . my son 's favorite animal is the giraffe . i think it 's because he wants to be very tall someday !
my photo-taking journey around the city started with this lovely scaffolding under a deep blue sky . this lovely gentleman on this tri-ped breezed past me . the beautiful trashcan gave me inspriation as contrasta gainst the grey street stripes . the stained glass i saw later on reminded me of old englande . and near the end , this chimney swept my heart away in atmospheric ruminations .
took my kid out to the zoo . he was mesmerized by all the animals there . this little guy was adorable ! he kept coming to the window at us . elephants are such amazing creatures . they 're so intelligent . they even had zebras there ! i 've never seen one this close before . and we ended the day relaxing with our very own animals at home .
a new baby came home to meet the family he had an older brother and an older sister . they played with their little baby brother and watched over him as he grew . they were the best of friends . halloween was one of their favorite holidays . they had fun making their costumes and going trick-or-treating .
here is the reception area before the bleed blue sales and marketing event . as we filed into the auditorium this is what awaited us . everyone was excited for the event to begin . many people were wearing bleed blue shirts . it was informative and fun . the enthusiasm on stage was infectious . here i am with new friends and old colleagues .
on vactiont his is what im doing rested up and me and the husband got together and have fun we like to clown around we have fun everywhere after we had dinner
the family was awaiting , it was the first day of school all over again ... but , it was a special day for one of the children ... it was [female] 's first day of school ever ! she was nervous and biting her nails ... but , when the bus arrived , she jumped on and was off to kindergarten .
it was career day , how exciting . a man gave a speech . then another man gave a speech . then a man and a woman gave a speech . then two women gave a speech .
i went on a cruise last weekend . the ship was enormous . there were also some christmas decorations there . when we were in town we were able to check out some of the shops . i had a great time there .
oh yes , i am a borat . i come from location to go to halloween party . and mexican ringo star . no party is complete until [male] g shows up ! and the poor wing man who does n't get any play [male] g after he 's had a few drinks with the white trash .
[female] knew she wanted to get married since she was a little girl . she made a big deal of having the perfect photographer . he took pictures of every perfect moment . afterward , he took artistic renditions of the whole bridal party . finally , the pictures were finished off with reception shots .
the family went to a pumpkin patch . they had tons of fun with pumpkins . they loved how big and round they were . even the youngest got in on the fun . they loved their time at the patch .
we all sat down and watched the parade . the color guard waked by . the marching band walked by . the flags waved too . then a classic car came by .
there is beauty in an old town in winter . the snow begins to melt , and the seagulls come out to bathe . if you look closely , you might find sharks teeth intermixed with the shells on the water 's edge . some of the headstones have aged and gained new aesthetic appeal . this gravestone , with leaves carefully placed , makes for a wonderful photograph .
my co-worker [male] helped us get ready for a christmas party . he decorated the tree in the office . at 10 minutes to 5 , we decided to stop working for the day . [male] went outside in his bare feet to water the grass . when he came back in , we had a bunch of gingerbread cookies out to enjoy .
yesterday i headed to the farmers market to browse the food . there was delicious fresh baked bread . there was also an assortment of various candies . the strawberries were freshly picked . i wound up purchasing a jar of fresh jam .
it is important to be active in your community and make your opinions clear . today we are protesting at city hall ! you can make your voice heard and have fun at the same time ! there are a lot of creative people on hand . there are also some talented musicians . we all must fight for what we believe in . it is harder to ignore the people when we are so united .
a foreign country is always fun to visit . i could n't read most of the text . the lake had a lot of fish jumping in it . the boats sat there quietly . i received a nice package when i got back home .
we attended a great little get together camping trip for land rover owners ! there was a lot of room to set up and a lot of people . rows and rows of organization organization as far as the eye could see . some of them were in rough shape , but they were still going strong . they were all lined up like proud children posing for their parents .
there is a long drive to the party tonight . we finally see the exit sign on the highway for the party . when we got there , all our friends are already there . some of the guests will be sleeping over tonight and sleeping on the futons in the living room . when all the guests have gone home , the host is vacuuming the living room .
my new girlfriend is jewish and from this point forward i celebrate holidays with her . the only symbol of location that i 'm familiar with is the menorah . some of her jewish friends did n't really think that i fit in . maybe they were right because i did not enjoy their food . the only way to get through the day was to drink lots of alcohol .
the fair came to town and [female] was going to help . they put her in the livestock section and she hated it . the cows were extra smelly and gross . but she got free food because of her help . after complaining , they put her in the petting zoo .
two players from rival schools were plating a basketball game . one woman tried to block another womans pass . there were also mens basketball games happening . two men raced for the ball . cheerleaders cheered the team on .
reading a magazine in his tent . waiting for his girlfriend to arrive . they are ready to go on a motorcycle ride . having fun with his girlfriend . listening to jokes while camping .
everyone took their seats in the auditorium before the speech . as the speech began , there was talk of big ideas . there was a guest speaker who shed some light on new evidence . the stage was large and well lit for the audience . afterwards there was a food vendor outside to feed the audience .
visiting location for the [female] . went to the flower market to see the beautiful flowers . a merchant carrying flowers to sell to interested buyers . about to by a book to learn the cultures . bought different irresistible deserts to try .
there were many photos at the exhibit . the lady was looking at them and saw many people in them before looking at the upcoming program .
the holiday season was in full swing . there were many people waiting for the party . [female] was shy but exited . she was waiting for bing to show . bing was a local celebrity .
we were on a road trip . we stopped by the pueblo . then we went to zuni . we snapped a pic of this . after a long time of driving we had to stop at a cafe to get something to eat .
thousands of people went to the ball game . the show before the game was extremely entertaining . i was anxious for the game to start though . i had a lot of money riding on the final score . thankfully , my team won , and i did too !
it was the company party and everyone was wearing matching shirts and waiting for the dj to start . the dj came on stage to a very excited crowd . the dancing began and there were possibilities of romance ! even without romantic prospects , everyone had fun dancing with friends . even the bar staff had a good time at the party .
the boyfriend and girlfriend show off their drinks . the family is celebrating and having a good time . another couple poses in their halloween costumes . two more people pose for the camera . a group of halloween parties smile for the camera .
we were not sure what to expect from our trip to location . we explored a bit for ourselves and found some areas where there was a lot of poverty . we also met lots of locals who were quirky and fun . we found a lot of beautiful architecture and art . a lot of it was religious . we decided that the next time we visited we would pay more attention to the history of location .
i wish i could be close to the action . with all the other people , with their friends . i miss my family and friends . i miss what i had in the past . i wish i didnt have to feel so alone now .
it was graduation day today . everyone was so excited to get their diploma . so many people showed up for it . we could n't wait to get on stage ! it was a great night and we are all so proud to have come this far .
we went to the hot springs they were blasting we had a great view the water was incredible we would go back there soon
young people went to a costume contest to see who was the best at cosplay . there were flamingo dancers pumping up the energy of the party . a wan na be einstein along with not so pretty organization organization also participated in a smaller capacity . but the one who won the contest was the under-dressed bat girl .
this year we took a family vacation to the lake . our vacation home was a scenic home built right on the water ! we spent lots of time down on the lake shore swimming and fishing . we even found the ruins of an old home on the last day we took a canoe trip on the lake ! it was a great vacation .
everyone had fun at the halloween party . pumpkin carving took place . people sketched out there designs and then began to cut them out . the pumpkins had many different expressions . while most of the lanterns had faces one had a boat .
the family takes a trip to the local carnival . there are lots of rides to enjoy this year . there are even rides for folks as young as this small boy . there are also lots of games and prizes to win . although some of the games seem fixed and a waste of money .
the bike club gathered i the town square . before the ride we all discussed the terrain ahead . this rider was quite adept at jumping over obstacles . one by one the riders jumped over the obstructions in the trail . there was a cool little bridge over the ravine .
i went to see my team , organization organization play for the title we have great athletes who can really jump . the game was back and forth for much of the game . we were up with the game almost over . we won the game and celebrated victory .
playing at recess for fun and exercise . a little girl jumps rope for fun . little boy jumping on a pile of something white . the children sitting down waiting to go back into the school . a teacher overseeing the children on the playground .
i stayed at a castle when i was on vacation last week . the lake was beautiful . the castle resort was huge . i could n't understand the language so it made the signs hard to read . afterward i bought a blanket .
today is a day of pride . a day of remembrance and honor . a day those big and small come out to celebrate . a day that brings together all walks of life . today is a day that we honor those who serve .
i took my family to see the fireworks tonight . they were so bright on the dark sky . the orange ones were my favorite . they were so big . the white ones were my husbands favorite . he 's colorblind though so white seems to be his favorite color anyways . my daughters loved the crazy colored ones that shot all over the place . the grand finale was amazing . they shot up many orange and white fireworks .
i 've always been good at gift giving , but my grandmother 's 90th birthday was tricky aside from a meal with her friends . i figured a homemade card would be nice . but the actual gift stumped me , and all i could think of was a gag gift and a gift certificate . i think she was just happy to see me , all young and full of joy . her neighbor was nice enough to make a cake , but due to a variety of dietary restrictions among the others , i was the only one who took a slice .
we decided to go out to dinner at the location . organization organization . the first beer i got was a little light but it was great . the food i got to wash it down was a hot dog . we then tried a few more dark beers and they were awesome . after our dinner we went outside and enjoyed the atmosphere .
today we went cor lunch at a new garden after lunch we walked through the many fields of flowers the beautiful pink ones reminded me of location there were purple lilies with polka dots too then we walked down the entrance path home
this is what we saw on our way to get a massage . [female] and i relaxing before we get a massage . i think [female] fell asleep on me . i had to wake her up with a pillow fight after we both walked through the town
i choose to take black and white photos today . an old leaflet i found on the floor of the cemetery . i tried to read this but it was in a foreign language . these must have been wealthy considering the size of the their tombstones . and that concluded the day at the location location .
we practiced for our figure skating performance this week . the moves are very hard to master . it took us several hours to get this routine down . we fell many times training . the end result was worth it and we look forward to the actual performance .
the family always puts together a huge feast for thanksgiving . beans were made for guests who do not eat turkey . there were several sides and desserts to choose from . the host 's daughter just turned 21 , and it was the first time she could drink with the family . grandma loves to tell stories during dinner to embarrass everyone .
there once was a couple who prayed for a bundle of joy . and then one day , that bundle of joy arrived ! she grew up to be a sweet girl ! who made crazy faces , and loved the spotlight .
[male] is at his graduation . he has only one ticket for someone to join him . the person he chose is waiting in the crowd , extremely excited . she takes a picture of him holding his diploma . of course it was his mom !
big british flag . lots of ships in water . big bridge over there . people look at statue . a big horse statue .
the pink flowers really stood out that day . i took the longest trail to the garden . the garden led me to a clearing in the forest . many people were already at the spot . i noticed the harvesting lines when i walked around .
there was a lot of work to do . we had to restore the nearby park to acceptable condition . we filled the wheelbarrows with wood chips . we only had one wheelbarrow so some people had to carry them in buckets . when we were finished the children were very excited to play in the park .
we are here for a mother and daughter marathon run happening in the city tonight . the city and sidewalks look like a blur when i am running . even the people are blurs as i run past them . everyone who has finished the marathon already are gathered at the finishing line . the runners who already finished are at the finish line to cheer on the other runners .
some of our first guests chat at our house warming party . [female] helps herself to some of the snacks . all are gathered in the living room talking and having a great time . [male] does a little dancing to the music as [male] looks on . the snacks sure were enjoyed and disappeared very quickly indeed .
look at these awesome cars . this car is a one of a kind delorean . here we have a mazarati and a beemer . this car costs over $ 500,000 can you believe this car is 30 years old ?
early morning heading to school the young girl is starting to perk up and smiles with her juice dad and the kids arrive at school a neat preschool board hangs on the wall to greet everyone the room is so huge and the girl is very excited to be there
the yearly office halloween party always brings out some creative and unique costumes . everyone enjoys having the opportunity to relax from work and enjoy themselves . some employees spend months thinking of and designing their costumes . while others simply show up in another uniform for a different job ! at the end of the day , much fun is had and work morale is high .
winter was very severe this year . everything was covered with snow . it took hours to get the road cleared . i had to help out as well . by the end of the day it snowed again .
we all brought our tricycles to the meet today . everybody had one . lots of interesting people came to watch . eventually the whole town was out in the streets watching the performance . it was a great day .
we decided to get our of the city for a little while and visit the countryside . the day was beautiful . we visited a park . the river ran next to the park . the sound of the water was very peaceful .
needed to stop and get gas before continuing on . a lovely small town that is a good place to call home . we are finally here , what natural beauty . another beautiful spot we found while exploring . what a gorgeous place for a picnic in the beauty of nature .
many people came to the wedding yesterday . the couple was very excited to finally be married . it was a beautiful moment . they had chosen a lovely location at the pier . everyone had a great time .
today [male] is being honored for his hard work in the company . he is attending the annual company appreciation show . during the show people even got to set up neat displays . a few people came out to speak about the company and what it means to work there . this is the group of people that were honored in the company .
block of bloody cheese anyone ? just kidding but this is a rel work of art . today i went to help my friend prepare for his art show and this is what i arrived to . i knew right away this would be interesting . the part i helped with was placing yellow sticky notes under a piece of plastic . there were 2 interesting art pieces this is the first one . this is the second a sort of lobster bird.all was as interesting as was thought to be .
me and a few friends went on vacation ! we went to this very nice building , but i can not remember the name of it . we went to the organization organization , which was very fun . we met a few royals while there ! at night , we hit the town . we went to the bar and had a few drinks . after that , we stopped at a souvenier store to get some things before finally heading back to the hotel .
washington is a beautiful place there was a memorial for those lost in the bombing flowers were laid where people died from the blast many family members came to leave respect there was alot of people there
i took the kids to the bus stop today . it was their first day on the bus . they were very excited . some of them were nervous . when the bus came they all got on and went to school .
this is a picture of a castle . this is a picture of ruins . this is a picture of houses . this is a picture of the outdoors . this is a picture of a building .
when i was on vacation last week i had a great time . there were a lot of events going on while i was there . the castle i stayed in had a huge wall . there was no way i could climb it . there was a great market nearby with lots of fresh goods .
many people showed up in remembrance of the soldier . he was honored by his former comrades . they laid the flag over his coffin . his family showed up in his support . this family consists of two brothers and a sister .
my vision board for today was full of ideas . the first one was to not fail ! to leave hyde park because i ca n't ever find my way out of there . to commit to things because i never have . smile all ! i want everyone to smile ! the last one was the magic of friendship . one day i 'll make a friend !
this is a flyer of where we 're going this weekend . it 's an old building offering different things from the 1800 's . [male] be totally awesome to see this . i love it . some of these things , i have never heard of . the place is called the plexus office .
our hotel is so beautiful . i loved all the archways and colorful lights . a monument out front was a nod to the french . the hotel near us is said to be haunted . we took a carriage ride to tour the haunted hotel .
this year , we got [female] a wonder woman costume for her birthday . we brought some cupcakes . [female] 's best friend baked her a cake . one of the guys showed us how to write using light afterwards . then we played some board games where losers had to do some humiliating things . it was a great night .
we were so happy to be married ! everyone wanted to take a picture with us and we were so happy to do it . we could n't keep the smiles off are faces . we cut the beautiful cake my bridesmaid had made for us . it was so good . after this came the garter toss . man were the men excited about this ! at the end , i went to say good bye to my brother and his fiance . they helped us out so much with the wedding .
the people gather round and display a picture . everyone faces forward and pays attention . the people all gather round and take a moment of silence . the onlookers look on solemnly . after the proceedings , the men stand around and chat .
black history month started with a parade at my local college . the sororities came out in support . the small parade went down the main street . they headed towards the college campus , on their way to see the speaker . they carried a sign with the words , `` i have a dream '' , to remind everyone that they were still fighting for racial equality .
setting up for [male] 's big day is taking a lot of time . it took seven hours for geetha to get ready . the priest had to bless the hall before anyone arrived . even [male] 's nieces came all the way from location to see him get married . there was a great feast after the wedding .
[male] and [male] were trying to be really spooky this halloween . they cut some nice looking jack-o-lanterns earlier in the wek . they even got a big dead mannequin and coffin for their porch . they borrowed [female] 's frankenstien mannequin as weel . their house was really freaky .
a lady and her sisters went to an event in the city . they saw a musical performance at their local church . the lady thought it would be a good idea , so she took her dog along . after the performance , they posed for a photo . the dog really enjoyed the trip , and they decided to bring him along next time .
last night was my graduation ceremony . the stadium was packed with people . the students waited patiently for their time to walk . there were many speakers at the ceremony . everyone celebrated when the ceremony was over .
the soldier 's mom went shopping for an outfit to wear to the graduation . they snapped a picture of a soldier holding a flag . they snapped photos of their son at graduation . they snapped photos of the entire brigade . they snapped a photo of his plane as it flew over them .
the kitchen was the best place to work . the chefs were most passionate about their creations . my favorite was the veggie salad . and the veggie pasta was delicious as well . sometimes we ate as we went along .
one of our students gave a speech at our meeting . the chorus group gave everyone a song , which all enjoyed . everyone applauded all the students that did their best this year . two of our younger students are learning to read a script . some of our older students are giving them a demonstration .
the students went out to the stage to receive their diplomas . the students said their final goodbyes to their friends . the dean of the school left the stage when he was done speaking . then the students went outside to get their photo taken . after that people began to leave the graduation .
for halloween , the bennigan family dressed up as batman and [female] . this family of 5 had 3 batmans and 2 organization . the oldest daughter [female] and her brother [male] really liked their costumes . they felt like superheroes . the father and mother were both dressed as batman and the baby [male] was dressed as [female] . mr bennigan was very proud of his baby [female] . [female] and [male] had so much fun trick or treating that night with their plastic pumpkins to hold all the candy .
the snow had melted off of the houses . the mountains were very tall . she stopped for quick photo with the mountains in the background . the snow was endless for miles to come . we cleared a path to be able to walk safely upon .
[female] started working on her new trailer for the big video premiere . she had lots of great footage of the main character , rob . she mixed that footage with some artsy scenes of the room that most of the story took place . [female] , the other main girl , also made an appearance . when the trailer was done , [female] printed some stills of the frames and took them to the local art gallery .
praid day in our local town.lots of interesting people and floats.some were questionable i do n't see how they let kids go . many performers on the floats.lots of beautiful colors and designs . the music and dancers really caught my eyes . i often wondered how people are able to perform in such large groups of people without being scared . after i got my face painted i decided to buy a yummy treat.look who it is ... organization organization organization organization .
the storm meant many people were leaving . the evacuation route was clearly marked . some people stayed behind . they boarded up their windows in an effort to hunker down . other people had to stay to keep order .
these two lovebirds are getting married today . here they are saying their vows . here they are posing with their official wedding certificate ! they wanted to make sure to get a photo of their rings too . and finally , this is the bridesmobile after the wedding !
the family took the kids to a summer camp . they learned more about the camp when they arrived . they signed the kids up for the camp for the day . the kids had fun listening to the camp leader talk . at the end of the day the kids got to meet the camps mascot .
i ten bars at a local pub . today being father 's day , we tried to come up with some sign ideas that would attract customers . first we tried one that touted a specific beer , but we figured that might not catch the attention of everyone . so we tried a more straightforward approach , but that seemed too straightforward ! so we tried the first choice , but with some fluff . it turned out okay .
my friend [female] 's mother almost does too much for her birthdays . she always has a very fancy meal . she requires a dress code -- -this year it was red and black , with ties for the men . i think [female] sometimes feels a little overwhelmed by all the fuss . her mother has this silly tradition of making her wear a strange colored wig during the party . [female] hated the hello kitty on the guest cards . she has n't been into organization organization since she was seven ! her mother still sees her as a little girl .
getting out whole extended family together for one meal is a big production ! everyone was ready for a great meal , with treats and delights from the diverse branches of our family . even the little kids found something yummy , although most were curious about why all these people were their family . the adults told stories and re-lived old time , and soon even the children knew all these people well . by the end , it was , as is every dinner , a time to clean up , but also a time to relax and enjoy the mellowness of the end of a good meal .
i decided to try out nico 's fish market for lunch yesterday . the restaurant 's architectural design was impressive . the ambiance and interior organization of the restaurant is fantastic . i surely enjoyed my meal , but was unable to finish it due to the generous portions . the toffee cream cheese chews were my dessert of choice . they were delicious .
i made a lot of new friends at the pumpkin carving party last week . everyone showed me how to make the best jack-o-lanterns . it was a lot of hard work . after a few hours we were all finished . they looked great outside at night .
graduation is the time for reflection and remembering all the years you were there . all the graduates are ready and happy to move forward in their lives . throwing their hats is a signal of the excitement they are feeling on this day . his family looks so proud of the graduates accomplishments . there is nothing at all like the love of your family and closest friends .
there was other food , but nobody cared . when the fruit basket was finally ready , she showed it to the family . grandma worked for days to prepare her famous fruit basket . she forgot to clean her apron . they were all so amazed at how beautiful it was . [male] was so happy he gave her a cold stare .
i took some photos of fireworks over the 4th of july . i just bought a new camera and wanted to try it out . this is on my favorites because of the twisted tail and the starting of the explosion . this one looks like a big fuzzy ball . but it 's actually a ball of fire ! this one is great too because there are so many explosions at the same time .
a crowd has gathered outside to celebrate st. [male] 's day . a group of friends takes a closeup photo , with the guy in a green beer stein hat taking the middle spot . a band dressed in all green takes center stage for the evening 's entertainment . a young couple take a moment to themselves to pose on the sidewalk . once more inside , the party carries on for this packed st. paddy 's day celebration .
we were speeding as fast as we could down the freeway . we looked behind us and saw that there were still police following us . there were even some cops on bikes . eventually we hid and they could n't find us . good thing we gave the cops a slip that day or we 'd be in jail .
it was deb 's graduation day . before the ceremony , she hugged her mom and stood near her son . the ceremony was long , but her family stayed the time to take photos . the president of the university granted the degrees . deb could n't wait for her name to be called . when she finally made it to the stage , she pumped her fists in glee . she 'd made it !
today was the day for the family reunion . our grandparents were there celebrating 50 years of marriage . it was a great day to celebrate all ages in our family . we had a special toast for the happy couple . it was a joyous occasion .
there was a big castle near a tunnel . there was a castle near the field and the big towers .
sign in a trash can while they work in the back . the workers are working and getting ready to start to build . they start to dig up soil to build what they are going to build . they take the dirt/soil and put it inside some wood . then they begin test to see what kind of soil it is .
the professor walked arounf to help the students . he was there to answer any questions they had . he was very interested in what they had to say . he loved being one on one with them . the students really learned a lot from him also .
there was a high speed chase on the highway . the police came out in full force . even the motorcycle cops joined the chase . traffic was stopped at the exits so the perpetrator could not escape . onlookers gathered at the overpass to see the outcome .
cooking a thanksgiving dinner , [female] ponders over what to be thankful over . [male] , her husband , being the glutton he is , decided to start eating first ! they were all enjoying themselves , except [female] , who tightens her maroon scarf as she listens to the adults speak . her sister , who was talking to [male] stopped to check her text messages . while [female] and [male] were showing of their little girl , who was very happy !
[male] wanted to fix up his old house . he wanted to redo the bricks on the outside . he got inspiration to also add lights from his neighbor . he walked down to the local hardware store to buy his supplies . he also remembered he needed to mow his front lawn .
the children were joined by their parents on the first day of class . the children were urged to try new activities on their own . there were tons of things for the kids to do . one young girl had a great time on the train . she had a great day on her first day of class !
here are the cookies being made from scratch . we have some great artwork staring at us , making sure we do a great job . the meal is setup and ready to eat . we enjoyed our food , im suprised we had time to take a photo . after the meal we played a long game of monopoly .
i went to a new restaurant yesterday . the servings were huge . i got stuffed full of food . then i went for a walk to walk it off . finally , hours later i went back to my car and went home .
the park had a nice lake and there were a lot of ducks . these little ducks are so well behaved . these children seem to enjoy playing with the duck family . we found some nice places to rest and cool off . i really liked these frog statues , this one is my favorite .
the venue was ready for the wedding ceremony to begin . so the bride walked down the aisle and met her fiance at the alter so that they could exchange vow and become husband and wife . after the vows were exchanged , they began their trek back down the aisle , but this time as a married couple . they shared their first dance together at the reception and made sure to get several pictures so that they could cherish this day forever .
this is what the american seat of power looks like in 2015 . this is the goal herr fuhrer . by using our new time warping machine we will influence history to ensure we 're sitting in here in the future . we will build `` the machine '' here . it will make us masters of the universe . `` set the furnaces and the factories to work . we must build this '' work begins on the dastardly plan immediately . the top brass comes to visit and survey the progress . the war is n't going well for location . `` we need to speed up progress ! ' so , we hear the german are up to something . no matter , we 'll just drop an h-bomb on the location . problem solved .
everything at the wedding was so tastefully done . i bet they 'll be together forever ! the girls were so cute . they had these really interesting candles . such a fun event , i hope the best for both of them .
the guests were gathered around looking for the women of honor . some of them were n't dressed as nice and others , and wore a small smile of definace . they finally found the woman of honor sulking behind her big cake . her mom made a quick speech about her and then everyone dug into the cake . later on , grandma and aunt [female] had to do all the dishes from the cake eating . poor women .
today , we had no school because of the snow . it was such a great day . i went around to look at all the things covered in snow . it was early , so no one else was up . soon , my friends arrived and we could play in the snow .
the toy store was full of goodies . they waited in line to purchase keepsakes . rows and rows of stuffed animals filled the shelves . a pair was bought by one of the girls . workers dressed in costumes greeted shoppers .
the game was a defensive battle . this breakaway was the first threat to score . the wingman took the puck to the goal but a nice play by the goalie saved the goal . finally , in the third period , the other team gets the puck deep into red zone . he is now withing 20 feet of the goal . he shoots , he scores and the game ends one to nothing !
the man gets onto the subway , ready to go to the race . his friends and family cheer him on . they yell : `` go [male] ! '' as he runs by . the runners make it through the course . everyone poses for a picture with the winner .
everybody loves a good costume party , and our friends are no exception ! we had a little of everyone show up , and we all drank and were merry . some costumes were hip . other costumes were scary . but one thing we all had in common was the spirit of fun and friendship .
the city streets had trees in autumn foliage . there were beautiful flowers everywhere . the city was very bike friendly . there were all kinds of interesting vending machines that we were n't use to seeing . the quaint buildings had colorful signs around them .
the family gathered for mother 's day . this woman received a card . she also got a sears gift card . afterwards they played with the cat . they ate delicious strawberry cheesecake after dinner .
the senator went to the military base of a good will mission he wanted the full experience he listened to everyone and what they had to say he learned so much about the military system he felt a feeling of accomplishment when he left
we were so excited to visit the basiclia ! when we arrived , i had to get several pictures , including the nameplate.. and , the amazing mural . we were tired when left ; however , i was n't ready to go home yet . so , we decided to grab a nice cold ale and enjoy the moonlight .
the actors celebrated the close of their play with a party . about 50 people showed up for the party . music was provided by a local dj . beer , wine , and mixed drinks were also provided . and , a few people had one too many drinks and needed to lie down .
they arrived early at the lodge . the lodge was right by the water there were walking trails on the property . the view of the city was breath taking . there were lots of cozy spaces inside .
house party turned out great . me and my wife are in love . living room came out great . me and my son jimmy . my mother is always smiling .
the family decided to get together for the 4th of july . the kids decided to go swimming in the pool . the kids occupied their time playing games in the pool . at the 4th of july get together , they family had a great time catching up . the grandparents came by to be with their grand kids during the 4th of july .
my best friend and i went out to meet with some other friends of ours . [male] was shocked to see us after so many years . [male] introduced us to his new wife . they are such a perfect couple ! we went back to another friends place so continue catching up . we took a group picture to remember this event for all times .
people were celebrating in the street and they were waving thier flags and also yelling to make their voice be heard and displaying decorations and parading even the kids were into it .
the church tour was a complete success . the ladies posed in a funny way . location likes to touch things with his hands . we went into a room and saw a group mourning someone 's death . the outside of the building looked nice when i left .
it was a great day for a cook out . the family were enjoying themselves . uncle [male] provide the entertainment . we fired up the grill and had some cold beer .
parents and children dressed up for the school halloween walk . the children prepare their creative masks with construction paper and colored paper plates . the girls all wanted to be cinderella with different colored dresses in blue , pink and yellow . the boys were left out . they posed with their hero costumes , ready to save the world ! even babies were in the action and were given halloween baskets to celebrate .
there are many things at the market . i love the basket assortment . there were many scarves to choose form . look at all the bright dresses too ! i rode home on my motorcycle .
it 's prank day at work , [female] seems ready . [male] tries on the gorilla costume for later . [male] works for bananas . some of us do n't need to wear the full costume . location wearing gorilla finally makes his dancing debut .
[male] was ready to start class but the students were still coming in . as soon as they sat down he got right to lecturing . his lecture was very exciting . [male] was very enthusiastic . the class was much more exciting than i thought it would be .
my family took me on a trip to see the famous reading terminal marketplace . the market had a huge selection of exotic imported meats . i got to try a spicy sub sandwich with all kinds of exotic meats and cheeses on it . on the trip , we even found familiar food like fried shrimp . aside from the food , the architecture of the area was breathtaking .
carnival is a wonderful celebration in location . people walk along a parade , sometimes topless . they 're usually in very colorful costumes . musicians walk along with their instruments playing music and adding to the noise . there are organized groups of dancers too . i saw it this year and i loved it . i especially loved eating ice cream while watching it this year .
family night , tonight we chose our favorite restaurant . it has our favorite dishes . we often fight over this dish if it is the last one available . and our cousin ca n't help herself , but we usually run when we see her with her camera ! or we make faces ! we had a great night . ca n't wait till next month .
the person that lives here called me about taking care of their yard . i looked at the front yard and was ready to accept the job . then they showed me the back yard . that was intimidating . there was two more buildings with yards to take care of in the back !
it had been a long time since the family had all done something together . bowling sounded like a good idea and they had n't done that in a while . everyone was really excited to find out it was half price bowling . even the little ones wanted to get in on the fun . no one get any strikes , but they still had a great time .
the day began with a conversation in the hallway . the office was very laid back . our secretary made most of the calls . the boss was happy to be there too . we drew a diagram as a department .
we stopped at a carnival on the way to the vacation house when we got there i took this photo of the front here we all are heading to check in after check in we walked up the steps to our room i took this photo after dinner the first night
everyone was really excited when we brought the baby home . they all wanted to see and hold him . he was very popular . the entire family had come to see him . we are very glad to be parents .
the photos of the distance can be very beautiful and the lake stays very calm . the location location location is shinging and the tower is too . the bridge will always stay beautiful .
the family all gathered around for dinner . we made some noodles . we also had tariyaki chicken . [female] pulled out the organization . they joked around as she snapped some pictures .
sometimes you have to go out in nature . take the road less traveled . look out on the green pastures appreciate the green trees . and sit down by the still waters and take a breath .
the crowd for st. [male] 's day was so crazy . i had never seen it like that before . first thing i did was snap some pictures with the bros because there was no way i was going to remember the night otherwise . we got so wasted we decided to get on stage and sing ice ice [male] . at the end of the night i found a hot babe to take home with me . it was a great night i think . i ca n't really remember anything .
getting together for the 4th of july is a yearly occurrence . meek was glad to be there . the cake was so good . our fireworks were a dud though . they did end up doing great later .
today was the big day . we got dressed up . then went out on the town . there were n't short on drinks . but they were short on skirts !
when i got to the end of the race i saw my entire family there supporting me . they made many signs for me . i am so happy they were there . they even bought me a dog . it was a great day .
the last bit of traffic filtered through the streets . in just a few minutes , the road would be blocked off to make way for the protesters . the police , enforcing the right to free speech , used their suvs to block traffic so the protesters could take to the streets . `` down with the banks ! '' they chanted . though one man used the opportunity to tell a different story .
[male] enjoyed a nice garlic snack while at the christmas party . after eating , he spotted [male] talking with a girl . [male] decided to say hello to [male] . [male] 's breath smelled so bad from the garlic snack , that [male] scrunched up his face . [male] said to [male] , `` you would n't happen to have some gum on you , would you [male] ? ''
today we all gathered around for the 4th of july biker rally . here we are all grouped for the group photo . this nice couple stopped by to compliment my bike . we took some more photos of the crew to remember the event . afterwards , we sat around for a while deciding where to eat .
my friend and i went to a charity concert to benefit kids in need . a lot of different artist played and donated their time and talent to the charity . the guitars are always my favorite . then everyone came out and played together . it was amazing . this was my favorite singer/guitar player . he was awesome !
[female] passed away in 1936 at 78 years of age . alvis died in 1860 and was laid to rest in this cemetery . nikotie passed in 1863 at the age of 23 . she was married to [male] . [female] died in 1861 at the age of 90 . this is the cemetery where these people are laid to rest .
the group of friends gathered for a drinking party . [male] was n't happy to be there . [male] was n't impressed by [male] 's display . [male] thought he 'd won the chugging game . but [female] won it with her mighty chug .
number 12 of the red team attempts to slow number 11 down . unfortunately number 11 was able to pass the ball to number 22 of the white team who for the shot . number 12 of the white team missed the shot and it was rebounded by number 43 of the the red team . the crowd went crazy with excitement only to be disappointed in the end with number 11 stealing the ball and making a 3 point shot from the line for he win .
mr. klein led the sales meeting he talked about profit sharing he was blessed that the company was doing well everyone was happy about it . [male] sly also spoke to the crowd .
my aunt was graduating today receiving her masters . there were a lot of spectators present . my aunt was pretty nervous . my son and grandma made my aunt feel a little bit at ease . eventually my aunt got her diploma and we were all over joyed for her .
everyone lines up before the race starts . the gun goes off and everyone starts running . at the one mile mark we have lost half of the runners . at the end of the race people started showing up . one after another , people made some good time !
i went to the market last week . i was really hungry . i bought a delicious sandwich there . afterward i went for a walk . i found myself in location .
the mother and daughter were on vacation and admiring old buildings . there were some beautiful ones with columns . the buildings were very old and tall . they visited a market next . they ended the night heading out to get some dinner .
my company went on a team building adventure we took part in many games we learned how to work together we built our own raft in the end we all became friends
the speakers were glad to have this chance to speak all their students . many students customized their caps . all the students were glad to graduate . everyone had fun afterwards , ecstatic and full of energy . parents hug their students , glad to share in this moment .
the little girl played with the cone . i told my aunt and uncle to take a partner picture together . the venue was full of seats and people . the event began promptly . the cake was lovely and not very big but it was very tasty .
this young couple is checking out the sites when they come across a big crowd of people . this is such a beautiful fountain he could not refuse taking a picture with it . the young lady is definitely having a good time in the crowd . she is proud of her country . it is great to be part of a group of people celebrating the same thing .
we had a great time on our trip to location location . we did all the tourist sites and took the mandatory pictures . some people came prepared for a picnic . others just relaxed beside the water . we chose a bench under a shade tree to sit down and discuss what fun we had that day .
i bought my son a new bicycle for his birthday . he spent the afternoon riding it up and down the road . he rode it pretty far into a wooded area . then he rode it out to the docks and stopped to watch the boats on the water . all that riding tired him out and he fell asleep on our car ride back home .
kat and [female] really know how to put on a party . they invited loads of people . there were drinking games . even the wallflowers had fun . and , some people had a lot of fun !
this is the cafe i arrive to for the meeting . a couple of my friends are happy to see i made it . i told him to put the cigarette away , but i still captured the moment . it was fun watching everyone socializing . i caught my friend off guard at the end of the event . this was the way to end the night .
this young lady is graduating today . this young lady and her proud mother pose for a picture before the graduation . the young lady sits in the crowd and listens to the ceremony and waits to receive her diploma . the young lady gets her diploma and walks across the stage . the young lady takes a picture with her diploma and her proud mother .
my brother recently graduated college . it was a formal cap and gown event . my mom and dad attended . later , my aunt and grandma showed up . when the event was over he even got congratulated by the mascot .
i went for a hike last weekend . we went through the entire forest . it was very dense . when we finally got to the village we were very hungry . the locals made us some food .
the family ready for halloween in the location location . it is a time when zombies and ghouls haunt main street , and you can trick-or treat at all the shops . at night things get really creepy when the un-dead come out to dance in the parade . even [male] mouse puts on a costume and joins the fun .
the view from the patio of the restaurant . the buffet table at the restaurant for the students gathering . some of the students sitting down to eat a well deserved dinner . a couple of young men posing for a picture after dinner . some of the professors catching up after eating .
[male] was all about showing off his karate moves . he had been practicing for months . he finally had a challenge with his greatest opponent . it was a close match but he won in the end . he received a trophy and went out to pizza afterwards .
at the festival people brought fresh foods of all sorts . i came specifically for the banana breads , which are always baked to perfection . then there is the cubes of fudge that are quite a delight . and the freshest , juiciest , strawberries one would ever see and taste . mama 's table was my last stop , her jams were the best in the city .
local tornado map is not looking good . here is a photo of the tornado that is coming close . we were worried about the close proximity of the tornado more bad weather for the weekend road is closed due to flooding
[male] is a bee keeper . he collected 5000 bees with his two sons . they have a thriving honey operation . their bees produce top quality honey . they have their bee keeper friends over often to keep bees .
people gather waiting for the fireworks to start when the sun goes down . the first explosions light the night sky . another beautiful display of light . the color gets more vibrant . twin explosions as the end of the night approaches .
after we had spent our day in the market we decided to go for a short walk . there were a lot of apartment buildings on top of the shops in the market area . we had trouble deciding where we want to go . we eventually found the dock and spent some time there . after hanging out for a few minutes we decided to head home .
i 'm getting ready for the soccer match by loading up on a few snacks beforehand . the teams are being introduced and you can feel the excitement building . fans are getting aroused and are pulling hard for their team . the player has gotten free for a one on one with the goalie . action is intense as the teams battle hard .
the bee team was hard at work today . [male] caught a whole tray of bees . there must have been thousands of them . they produced a lot of honey . some of the bees tried to run away from the ranch .
mascot meeting before the game . everyone picked the player they thought would do the best . the pitcher was voted the number one . he got ready to throw the ball . then stopped and changed his mind .
there was all kinds of good food at the market . people were selling croissants . other people had veggies for sale . these radishes did not look good . and the lettuce was also questionable .
thanksgiving time is here , we went into the city to see friends . we ate till our plates were empty , fran ate right from the serving dishes . i helped fran clean up .
the cars are filling up the driveway as family arrives . the small dog is curious to the new visitors . the kids get in the pool and cool off from the heat . grandpa is walking around . the field is beautiful and lush .
everyone was cheering for [male] today at the big game . [male] was the quarterback for the team and he had been doing fairly well . however it had come to his attention that the school board officials decided if he lost this game he would be expelled . the scoreboard at the end of the game was unfortunately not in his favor . he left the school forever , and had to find a new source of education . he went to organization organization and became a scientist .
it did not seem to matter if the children played by them self on the playground . it did not seem to matter if they played in a group . what did matter was that when they sat and though , their play ground seemed to be missing something . one day a girl invited an adult to play . it was the most fun they every had on the playground . soon more and more adults were coming and having fun . the adults seemed to make their playground complete .
the old statue was worn out but people were taking pictures near others . there were camels for transport to the great pyramids and the sphinx too .
at the halloween party , one woman dressed up as a cat . it was held in a very dirty house . everyone had fun posing for photos . some people did n't dress up , though . regardless , everyone had a great time !
there was a car show in the village center today . classic cars were on display . and modern cars were welcome , too . some of the drivers took a spin around the village in their cars . other drivers just parked their automobiles at the curb so fans could admire them . this driver parked right at the corner , so his car could be seen by everyone coming into the village .
last week i went on vacation . i had a great time diving and catching wildlife in the ocean . one of my friends brought their toddler along . we had a great time while we were there . afterward we went to do some sight-seeing .
it was that time of year again , independence day , and even the baby was happy ! the kids were ready to enjoy themselves at the pool with their friends . all their friends , as the pool became very crowded . [male] decided he had enough of the crowd and put on his shades and relaxed with us ... as we watched old glory fly on her birthday .
this was a tour of a organization organization ship . there were four tour guides . so we started our trip . this was the captain of the ship . this is called a ship 's colors , as it has the emblems and the main color of the ship .
its new years eve and a group of friends are having a party . they are mixing all kinds of drinks in the kitchen . a gentleman poses by the christmas tree for a photo . the group then moves to the backyard where the owners of the home have prepared a special treat . there is a performance by a fire dancer right before midnight for everyone to enjoy .
i practiced playing my guitar for hours before i had to leave for the performance . when i got there my band was already setting up . everyone was there to see us . i set it up and they watched us play . we were very good and everyone gave us cigarettes afterward .
the students wait for the game to begin . as the game begins , excited students ready themselves . a student excitedly approaches the event . the students listen patiently to the directions . the final event begins and it is evident the day has been a success .
religious objects were placed on a table for people to see . a man in white gave a speech . another man toasted his speech . the people sat down in a room full of tables for dinner . a man and his wife sang .
[male] loves to sit in dad 's lap he was easily distracted by his toys dad caught some of the game while [male] worked on some new teeth his brother [male] got upset that [male] had all the camera 's attention he did a great job of playing it up !
she got an invitation to a big event . so took the subway . went up the escalator . and when she arrived the party was amazing . she had a great time partying .
when everybody had arrived we finally got the party going . everyone was on the dance floor when the lights went out . it was a lot of fun . tons of people told us they would definitely be back . i had a great time .
we were honored while we were on vacation to be invited to see a official getting sworn in . the officials arrived and walked down the red carpet . the officials signed their contracts that made the contracts legal . some of the major government officials from the organization had to leave . towards the end of the night everybody gathered back at the restaurant .
[female] came over to play a game with her kid and the dog . the two played an interesting game of monopoly . afterwards , everyone , who is dressed in red coincidentally , had some food . [female] 's ex and his husband had to lie down after eating such a large dinner . [female] 's ex then fell asleep after eating -- it was a large food coma indeed !
the men in the building were dressed formal . they were all talking at the conference . this man made a lot of funny remarks . he was our leader for the day in the office . our entire department took a picture after the training .
parties at [male] 's place are always a blast . the guys are always down to party . but you better keep [male] away from the cake . the girls are proven party animals themselves . [female] may or may not have had an adult beverage with her [male] grahams that night .
jimmy is walking up to the group of people at the farm the pigs are anxiously awaiting jimmys arrival as well jeff doesnt want to hear matt keep asking when jimmy will be there ! off int he fireld they see the shape of a man and realize jimmy is there ! the girls are really happy to see thier friend
the restaurant sign lists the daily specials . the exterior of the restaurant . the eatery is bustling with people . the exotic food at the location is excellent . the desserts are to die for here .
a military graduation is a special event . the troops marching around the courtyard make a subtle drumming sound you can hear far and wide . it 's quite a ceremony , one that evokes a lot of pride . there was a big turnout for [male] 's ceremony . there were a lot of teary eyes when his girlfriend 's daughter pinned on his new ribbon .
the man walked the parade route to ensure everything was set up properly . a crowd began to gather in anticipation for the event . a few bystanders rested on nearby benches until the parade began . parade watchers began to take pictures to remember the event . balloons were released in celebration of the event .
it is this man 's birthday and he has no idea that a surprise party is being planned . his mother and sister have tricks up their sleeves . they baked him two cakes for his birthday . the man enjoys his cake . he is finally 21 and can enjoy some alcohol .
this was one if the nicest churches they ever visited . the painting was amazing . as were the stained glass windows . and intricate metal and wood work . the headstones in the graveyard outside of the church were even detailed .
after the ceremony was over i was getting restless . i said goodbye to everyone and then left . i stopped at a store to do some shopping . i bought some clothes and a stuffed animal . it was a lot of fun .
february 's hockey game was a lot of fun to watch . i was especially rooting for this player . here the goalie tries to block a score . there was some intense playing in the rink that day . i held my breath in anticipation !
the newsman showed how bad the garbage has gotten at the bottom of the village . the garbage is all the way down to the ditch in front of the buildings . animals will find their way to the garbage to eat it . it is beginning to blend in with the water . it makes a sad and gross picture as the hotel is the backdrop .
this man was the host of our party . he invited his dad who did a lot of the lighting . his mother and aunt provided the food . he smiled several times and took photos on my camera . we all had a lovely time at that party .
organization organization had never won a game . so they decided to engage in a group martial arts tournament . they trained night and day . even the cheerleaders took part . in the end they broke records and won the heart of everyone .
a group of family members have a great dinner . the brother of the family is anxious for dinner to start . he has a hearty soup with cream on it . a plate of deserts are served at the end . the family poses for a photo together .
march on location - rallying for hiv medications . we put an empty coffin to represent all of those who recently passed away me and my sister lost loved ones to the virus other friends are rallying around as well . we hope that it made an impact on washingtonians
check out our new vacation house by the lake . it has a great view of the water . we can go out in our boat and travel around . then park over by the shore to do some fishing . it is nice to have a bbq at the end of the day .
a woman visited location , where she saw large cruises approach the tourist hot spots . the architecture of the area and the plants were more tropical in appearance than the rest of the location location . the quirky decorations , such as this flamingo-feathered christmas tree , were an illustration of an area with a unique flavor . the people in the area were easy going . a panoramic shot of a plaza shows the energy and activity of this locale .
the bride and groom 's parents gathered after the ceremony , for a picture . everyone gathered around the bride and groom for a photo to capture the day . before the reception began , the family posed for one last photo . the bridesmaid was delighted for the new couple , and could n't wait to head to the reception . the bride and groom toasted their new marriage in the back of the limo on the way to the reception . they were overjoyed and in love .
we were so proud that our son was graduating already . as he receives his diploma , i had to fight back the tears of joy . hi parents could not be more proud of him . three generations of the family on that special day . we had to get him with the team 's mascot just one more time .
our wedding day was perfect . we spent a lot of time to make sure that everything was simple , but marvelous . i 'm happy that we chose an intimate ceremony . a ceremony large enough for our family and friends , but small enough so that we all felt really close . here are my bridesmaids , family and friends . everyone is dressed in my wedding colors . the pictures are going to be beautiful . my friend created these for me . are n't they beautiful ? these took hours to create , but it was worth it . the reception is going to be great . the table settings are really beautiful . i almost do n't want to eat and mess up this beautiful sight .
while at the park i stood in front of a sign that said beware of alligators and snakes . standing in front of the of the home to show off our newly cut grass and polished exterior on our home . deer heads on the wall are a collection made to show off my love of hunting . the family standing in back of the wooden balcony happily enjoying vacation time . the husband and wife are standing in between a tree they find amusing because of its shape .
on his wedding day , the groom was nervous . he made it through the ceremony with his beautiful bride by his side . a traditional cake was ready to be served , but would have to wait until after photos . after the ceremony , they took photos to share their joy with the wedding party . the happy bride and groom could n't help but include some joyous silly photos as well !
people cam from all over to honor their friend niel armstrong . the venue was set up very well . and everyone looked might fine dressed in their sunday best . the flowers around the venue gave it the perfect touch , and allowed the attendees to really connect with the event .
i had a great time meeting new friends last night at the business party . there were a lot of people that were very nice . some of them were very rich . they all had nice things to say about me . i am glad i attended the party .
the helicopter flew in , bringing the new soldiers with them . a man armed the turret , even though they 'd never seen use . the new group stepped off the helicopter , finding their way to their new homes . the sargent gave a debriefing as soon as the soldiers arrived . this would be their new home now , the start of their new lives .
we had a great get together there was so much food my mom went all out on the cooking there was so much bacon and a wholec crockpot of beans
graduating from collage today ! mom taking photos of me from afar . about to accept my diploma ! mom wanted an over dramatic picture . last time i 'll be seeing this place !
our friends were happy to see the pizza on the kitchen tabletop . our kid brought out the ice for the drinks . dad relaxed on a chair with a beer in his hand . family and friends were ready to gather and talk . lastly , we enjoyed the day with company and drinks .
for me , a walk through an art museum is better than a movie . this painting took to to the beach in my mind . here , i was transported into a long ago horse show . i may never go back in time to an ancient native american village , but i can go using the painting in my mind ! or i can walk on the long ago streets of location . i can imagine my lover has just presented me with this vase full of zinnias . my mind gets to go everywhere in a day .
the family is throwing a party today and the mother is cooking up lunch . the rest of the family set up tents and a sitting area outside . everyone finally arrives and starts ordering their food . at the end of the meal , two cakes were prepared to celebrate two birthdays in the family . the son seems to be greatly enjoying the food !
i walked down to the hot dog restaurant for some food . after i ate there i decided to take a walk down by the pier . the water was very calm at night . the pier was beautiful in the evening . i had a great time .
it was crowded at the wrestling match . it was so hot and loud . there were many different wrestlers there . the wrestlers performed may tricks . the best part was the ring girls .
mother and sons prepared for their bike ride . they wore helmets and traveled in the bike lane to the beach . at the beach they saw seals sunning themselves . some of the seals went for a swim ... and some of the seals made a splash !
our whole team was excited to arrive at the big conference about sport protective gear . the big tube outside let us know we were really there . we listened to the keynote speeches from up on the catwalk . then we all went to some of the demonstrations . the advances in gloves were particularly compelling . this guy from organization organization blew us away with some of his monitoring devices . and this man talking about hockey falls was amazing . we were all very glad we attended the conference .
we took a trip to location while there , we saw a ball game . we bought some beverages before heading to our seats . once in our seats , we saw some interesting fans ! finally , the ball game started and we could cheer for the local team .
the class was graduating . before the ceremony , the students presented a power point . they presented it to the military audience . they explained their ongoing project and thesis statement . the professors lined up to congratulate the graduates . after all of their hard work , the students walked down the aisle and received their diplomas .
firefighters came to talk with our company to give a bomb safety class after someone made a bomb threat . our national guard came to sweep the office . now we are back at work . while the national guard was there , some of us made friends with them . now we hang out sometimes .
i went to the flower garden last week . they have a lot of beautiful plants there . i took some of them . nobody noticed they were missing . afterward i went back home .
we attended one of the organization games while visiting in location . we got there early to watch the batting practice . before the game a military troop came on to the field for recognition . the troops presented the flags prior to the game . the players took the field for the game .
when she goes out she always has a great time . she loves sitting at the bar , drinking and talking with the bartender . friends are always there to have fun also . there is always a lot of drinking , talking , and just having a good time !
cook up some location balls for soup . cook some green beans . cook some kosher meat . put all of the dishes together for a delightful passover meal . celebrate passover with loved ones .
i love the architecture of the old city the streets are narrow and everyone drive small cars local food is very good and very inexpensive all organic fruit and vegetables fruit and vegetables were cheap and delicious
walking into the convention room , i noticed someone standing in the front of the room . tito looked at the clock , oh my ! it was time to start his speech . tito laughed very loudly as he got started on his sales speech . he said they could make big wads of cash , like so , if they followed his advice . lastly , he whistled a tune in gaelic , as a blessing to their fortune .
we had a 5k race for charity lots of kids took interest and it was a success at the first mile people started to get tired some girls kept going they made it to the end
[male] and [female] 's wedding was a very casual affair . after all , it was a third wedding for both of them . they dressed up some , but not a lot ! it was held in [female] 's back yard , with craft store paper decorations . the cake was bought at the local grocery store . the dress code was very , very loose . i 've never been to a wedding with people in shorts and tie-died tops !
my friend [male] threw a party to celebrate the last day of bush 's presidency . he 'd planned it for years . [female] and i were excited to go . [male] always threw a great party . [male] and [female] were there , even though [male] is a republican . [male] sang a song he 'd composed himself about bush being no longer president . no one quite understood the balloon theme at the table , but that 's [male] . he always keeps you guessing !
the cafe was open late . [male] entered the empty cafe just before they closed . he perused the menu to decide what to order . the burger looked and tasted delicious . the next morning , though , [male] had a stomach ache .
the guests had arrived at the reading of their eccentric relative 's will . it was late in the evening and nerves are on edge . they all regard each other with suspicion . one guest had already died under suspicious circumstances . the deputy was stumped , he knew there was a murderer but could not determine who . everyone professed innocence . indeed , some were not sure any foul play was afoot ! revealed ! the identity of the assassin stunned them all !
my beautiful sister and her fiancee were finally able to be married thanks to the organization organization organization . it was such a beautiful day . they 've been waiting for this moment for years . we all gathered at my aunt 's house in support of their union . it was a beautiful night and a beautiful dinner .
today we are taking a hike , first we need food . here we are just taking a rest before we go . i do not even want to know what that is . we are hungry , we found this convenient little cafe during our hike . all done , ready to go back hiking .
the military museum included a lot of memorabilia . from wars spanning decades . and weapons used in all those wars . the front yard had replicas of tanks . and the roof held a replica helicopter .
we took the at risk youth out to a field trip closer to nature . we took them to see waterfalls . these two brothers are part of the program and play a bit too rough for our tastes . we took their attention away from their violent play and towards vegetation . we do n't think the trip was a success .
the evening was young and the friends were ready for excitement . there sat in small groups and mingled among themselves . the tables were long enough to accommodate them all . the atmosphere was fun and lively . there was plenty of food for everyone .
today our son graduated . there were many people graduating with him it was a big class . there were so many of them they had to bring out more chairs . his sister was very proud of him and was a little teary eyed . we enjoyed a nice dinner after the ceremony .
a mother and her child await the fireworks . the baby wears headphones as protection . the fireworks have started and they are filling the sky . th babies brother watches on as well and enjoys the fireworks . he to wears headphones so it 's not to loud . the fireworks are nearly over , but still look awesome . the littlest one of the group enjoys them as he looks upon the fireworks .
there is something about a small farm that i like . fields of corn and a nice small birdhouse . the local market has some great looking food . a statue to watch over the town . i like these arched windows .
this is the newest night club in town . complete with big screens to show video . it was painted in very dark colors and had odd furniture . i was amazed that there was a limbo . the dance space was a pretty good size . i think it might be fun for awhile .
the fire burned in an angry and nasty biblical way . the flames seemed to reached toward heaven . the sky was gray , dark with clouds gathered from the smoke of the fire . the fire as it appears to be loosing its power . fire , still destructive and cruel , but appearing contained .
we visited the mansion in the morning . i took a picture by the lake . then we went to town to visit the shops . we found a small restaurant and decided to grab a bite to eat . then we went back to the hotel to relax .
robotech has been around for a while . the have many different sets to purchace . you can get fighter jets . aircraft jets are also available . the robotic fighters are pretty cool .
this is the ferry we are going to take doggie is waiting for his owner , tied to a street light he ca n't wait to go ham on that plate of food making funny faces in a restaurant big city , bright lights is not my thing
the group of people arrived to have lunch before the settlement re-enactment . then they all enjoyed desert . outside there was people dressed like settlers . there was a sketch artist to make drawings for the kids . after that everyone went on a small hike .
the woman had completed her program and was celebrating her graduation from the art university . she got a quick photo of her forormer professors . the woman was ecstatic , and it showed with the huge smile on her face . to remember her best friends , she made sure to gather them together . she had been very social at the university , and saw more of her friends as the day carried on . she made sure to get one last shot of the art installation she had worked on before leaving the campus .
it was the day for [male] and [female] to tie the knot ! as [female] was walked down the isle by her father she started to rethink things . she nervously looked at the exits plotting her escape . when everyones heads were turned she made a dash . she escaped on a small boat to run for her independence .
our family gathered together for a formal event . we invited some business partners to give a chat . my older neighbors came to pray with us . one of the men brought a bible and some wine . eventually , it was really crowded in my living room .
our first meal together as a married couple was as beautiful as it was delicious . the roses they sent over were of the highest quality like the ingredients in their food . the personal touches like the unique cake designs made it even more special . we were on our way to married life in high class style . and this was literally the icing on the cake .
we went to a vineyard for the holiday weekend . there were pigs there ! it was my first time seeing such pigs . our friend wore a funny hat that caught everyone 's attention . he was the subject for many jokes . later , we all gathered at the long table to eat and drink wine .
the family was gathered in the living room . the two boys waited outside for the school bus . dad gave cyndi a big smooch . cyndi has time to watch tv before going to school . that 's the bus that will take all the kids to school .
i love to go on nature walks . there are beautiful lily pads in the pond behind my house . there are also colorful coi fish . the warm sun shines down on a fallen tree . the little waterfall reminds me how breath taking nature is .
today is my birthday . i decided to have a party . my dad came home unexpected . but he was a good sport about it . i loved being the birthday boy and wearing my special crown all day . here 's my family picture . see , i 'm wearing my crown ! my dad decided to join the fun and take a selfie with our neighbors chicken . i think he drank too much !
the group of friends took a trip in [female] and started at an amusement park . they enjoyed riding the merry-go-round . some of the students were amused by the camera lens on top of a building next to the merry-go-round . after they went to the amusement park , the group traveled to a local museum . the students ended the trip when they saw some unusual gardens .
the group continued to practice for the horse show later on in the evening . they trained their horses thoroughly and made sure they were ready to make an impression . each rider has immaculate control of their horse . they listened to the instructor carefully to ensure the show went as smooth as possible . before the show started , they posed for a group picture .
here are some of the historical archives of a great war hero . there are many articles written about sergeant goodfellow . i like the articles about his heroic efforts at war and at home . sergeant goodfellow helped many people in his short life . when i grow up i want to be just like sergeant goodfellow .
boating on the lake with family relaxing on the boat let baby drive for a while . we spotted the lodge . and headed back to shore .
[female] wore her leather clothes over her foot race clothes . she rode her motorcycle to the race . she laughed at all the other participants because she knew they were no real threat . she overcame each racer in turn . [female] left all the other racers far behind in her quest for first place .
the girls bought pizza from the concession stand . all they guys were hungry too . the soccer team lined the field for the national anthem . it was a close game . many of the spectators got up out of their seats to cheer their team to victory .
the state put out a tornado warning to the citizens . tornados started forming overhead . people started panicking and running towards their shelters . the winds got crazy and the clouds rolled in . rain turned to flooding as people scrambled for safety .
i had a lot of fun on vacation in location last week . there were so many ancient ruins that i got to explore . i also got to ride on a camel . the stones they used the build the pyramids were very big . it must have taken them forever to make it .
everyone watched as the bride and groom got married . all of the bride 's maids stood behind the bride to watch her get married . the bride 's friends was so excited for her . all of their friends and family were their to congratulate them . after the wedding , they all took time for group photos .
this halloween we took all 3 kids out trick-or-treating . our first stop was to the nursing home to visit all the seniors . we met up with some friends once we got back to the neighborhood . then we headed to the school where they set up the halls for the kids . everyone had a great time and we made some new friends .
our family has a lot of boat enthusiasts . we went to our dock and set sail . the weather was fabulous for a boat ride . we we docked we took a walk around the pier . we saw some local shipping ships unload their inventory .
koala eating leaves . flamingoes standing in a line . giraffe looking for food . a singing bird . a flying bird .
does n't [female] look just adorable as the flower girl ? i love her makeup ! here are the bridesmaids and i. i picked out the color for the dresses , i thought they were great . we even had a professional caterer come in to help with the buffet . everyone seemed to enjoy it . here are all of my adorable children . i 'm so lucky to have a husband that loves children . here we are after a big day . i should look happier , but i totally am , i swear !
my friends and i decided to go out and celebrate pride day with each other . my brother and his partner started off the night with some public displays of affection . my brother gave me the idea to lay a kiss on my wife . we all hung out at the bar a little while longer , talking about the day so far . after the bar we came home . my brother and i ended the knight with some family bonding .
growing up in a isolated town near the mountains , caving was a natural interest . caves are a beautiful mysterious place to a kid . i thought all the crevices and platforms had a story of their own if a person could only hear . sometimes i thought i might see and elf or troll jump out from behind the stalagmites but i never did . even though the rock formations are still fascinating , today i realize what a dangerous play space i enjoyed .
every year , my best friend and i travel with our husbands to a boutique hotel . this year , it was the location location . what a lovely place ! as we traditionally do , we posed first thing in the lobby . my husband [male] liked the smoking allowed policy . everyone was friendly , and we talked a lot during meals . i love the hotel week of the year . it 's a great chance to not be myself for a week .
protesters marched holding a signed that read `` reclaim the streets . '' thousands of people gathered in the street for a good cause . a man carrying a chair attempted to make a bold but silent statement . the cop stood looking at the crowd to ensure a peaceful protest . the protesters marched the streets for hours .
the motorcyclists gathered for the fourth of july celebration . they proudly posed with their bikes . this older couple have been coming to the celebration for years . this group of friends posed together for a photo . these three kicked back and enjoyed the show .
we bought a house on a mountain it was an amazing place so peaceful the wild life is incredible the scenery makes for life to be lived at its fullest
the neighborhood where they were house hunting was perfect . there were lots of beautiful houses . one of the best features of one was a huge covered porch . all of the houses were spacious . some had unique architecture designs .
i found a box in my fathers old room of cards and photos . this is him next to a fireplace . this is a photo of myself when i was just a boy . i was holding an award . this is a school photo of me when i was just five years old . this is my mother sitting next to me baby sister . this is a playing card of my favorite child hood player [male] [male] .
[male] and i went on a nature walk . i made sure his jacket was on since it is a little bit cold . he said he wanted to bring his frisbee that daddy had bought him . look at the size of this leaf ! it is huge . we saw several this size . we also saw mushrooms . [male] said he was hot , so i took off his jacket . he is such a cutie ! [male] was really interested in the spider and web . i thought the web had a cool design . but , i backed up when i saw the size of this spider . it was so big !
here we go with another one of those school function activities where the kids dress up and meet at school to get their awards during which snack food is served . some of the students prefer to get away from the crowd to enjoy their food and it looks like they found a good place . my friend 's little brother seems to have found a fancy meeting room to spend his time in and he pulled out the first aid kit just in case it is needed . now that i am finished , i will be glad to be getting back home because i really do n't like crowds and these occasions . my friend wanted to take a picture of my braces to show my mom that i did not have candy stuck between my teeth .
i went to the science fair last week . there were many different booths . i saw a lot of different equipment there . there was also a presentation . it was very insightful .
[male] had a plan the day of the celebration . he set up dance dance revolution for his friend . his friend danced with his younger sister for a while . [female] was there because her and [male] were friends since second grade . [female] was on the bus on the way to [male] 's house .
the guy friends decided to please their one girl friend and put on a organization movie for movie night . [male] hated it . he could n't stand how girly organization is , so he hid in his t-shirt . [male] was also distressed over this choice of movie and it was obvious in his body language . [male] was pretty indifferent to what they watched , but he was a go with the flow kinda guy . as soon as the movie started , their girl friend fell asleep and they were all super mad that they had to suffer through that awful movie for nothing .
the day was nice with us sitting on the swinging chair . wonder shirt girl takes her glasses off for a serious photo . some of the party goers were dancing and having a fun time . the party goers really got down with the dancing . later that night it was essential to take a picture of the men drinking beer .
the girl posed for some boudior shots . she dressed in lingerie . she planned on giving the photos to her husband for his birthday . the photographer did a great job . they were risque but tasteful .
our high school team made it to the championship . fans from every age group attended . these girls are dating some of the players . the game winning slam dunk was made by our best player . i almost joined the band this year . now i wish i had .
during the charity athletics event , people from all over the neighborhood showed up . some children who were a little too young to do the athletics , were given water shooters to help cool off some of the professionals . they just needed to be careful where they shoot . one of the best athletes came on stage and showed the kids how impressive being healthy and fit can be . after multiple presentations , the coordinators came on stage to announce how beneficial the entire event had been so far . children , athletes , and parents all came on stage and held up numbered cards that showed just how much money was earned at the charity event and the crowd was very excited .
i was so happy to be heading to the concert . my friend was excited to be with me . the huge crowd was out of control by the time we got there . we moved closer to the stage during the show . the lights and projection screens were very interesting .
the church was all ready for the wedding . the bride was getting her hair done in preparation . and she got zipped into her dress . the vows were said and everyone had a great time . they ended the evening with a beautiful group photo .
having some friends and family over for some quality time . these woman look very pleased to be taking this picture . the kids are getting along great , are enjoying each other . they are swinging on swings and having a good time . all the kids are gravitating to the tree playhouse area .
at this part of the temple , there were men and women eating . they were holding a sacred ceremony and i was glad to be there . the candles were spread out on the table . after enjoying the candles , we went back to the hotel to snap a night picture . on our way home , we saw decorations in another home .
an overlook above the valley on our vacation . a really tall waterfall we found along the way . the sign stating where we were after our trip . the locals tried to get us to rent some horses from them . [female] striking a pose while out exploring .
what do you do when you have to cross a body of water with your car but do n't have a ferry available ? build one , of course ! a new bridge is also necessary , but we had that covered as well . luckily , it worked . was sort of afraid of what would happen to the car , but it went well . all to get from one dirt path to another . just another day in a remote area .
it is dinnertime at my house . we have some chicken . there 's some wine . there 's even a great dessert . fresh strawberries and cake taste so good . dinner at my house is delicious !
the memorial service for the recent deceases was very nontraditional . it was held at location location . some whore black with a black veil over their face . they had karaoke which seemed to lighten the mood . still , nobody culd get past the dredful feeling that he was gone and would not be back .
they arrived at the modern restaurant and ready to learn . they were fascinated by all the machinery ... especially , the fancy set of blenders . and , then he started to make his cup of coffee . which , turned out to be a failure this time .
its halloween ! she dressed up as a zombie ! here a not so scary costume . [female] [male] is always a beautiful choice . people really get into character . look at this gangster . everyone is having so much fun , even marge simpson . tinkerbell is getting into the party game action ! what a great halloween .
the funeral was one of the most somber and sad events i have ever seen . the transport awaits . she gave her life in service of her country . the proceedings were reverent . it was an unforgettable tribute .
the weather did n't look great at first for my annual boating trip with my brothers . however , nothing stops us ! it cleared up pretty quickly , and we took off . [male] did the cooking for supper . yep , hot dogs again ! we love eating on the boat and being together . it 's a great time .
this weekend we geared up and got our bikes out for a little adventure . we made sure to use the bike routes . it was a blast . we traveled for miles and miles . this was [female] 's first time riding a bike in a long time . we just had to get a picture of the location location location in the background . it was a fabulous time .
this looks like a great place to have a graduation . so many people showed up for the graduation . there weren`t many times like this to slip away and take a self picture alone . the ceremony was long but totally fulfilling . there were a couple of speakers giving hope and light to the graduates .
[male] had recently lost his job . [male] went to the park everyday . he took the train and pretended to go to work . he would sit and feed the birds all day long while his wife though he was at work . when she found out he was lying she was very angry .
the memorial march took place in the winter . there was a great turn out of organizations . a lot of groups showed up late . they still made their presence known . dr. kings memory still runs strong .
visited a church in location when i went to see my mom . windows are great ! i wish i could have those . a sign for some guards of the church who were killed in battle . cemetery where all the locals are buried . this one is a flying officer named b. carse , he was in the organization organization organization .
our company was having a big planning meeting . it seemed as though everyone was there . lots of presentations took place . and big plans were put into place . afterwards we all talked and enjoyed each others company .
[male] had the brilliant idea of holding an improptu concert at his home . he needed a stage so he called his friend to bring him his truck with the towing platform . it was the perfect size for the band . the band played all night long for the guests . as the sun went down , the band continued playing to the joy of others .
what a beautiful church for a wedding . bride and groom at their happiest . here is the bride 's brother with his wife . here is the bride 's brother with the groom , both smiling . the wedding festivities have begun !
first grade graduation day . special songs were sung for the parents . the children were very animated and had so much fun ! it was hard to say goodbye to their teacher . they will miss her . she is a very special person . every child received a certificate of graduation . they were so proud . celebrating the last recess of the year , they jumped in the fountains and cooled down in the heat of the summer .
on a lonesome , winding mountain road , while riding our bikes , we were abducted . down tight , filthy corridors we were drug , our terror growing the deeper we were brought . we were left in a stone walled room with only a metal ladder for an exit ; there we were subjected to unrepeatable acts of torture and depravity . months later , what was left of us was taken through a dirt tunnel ... ... and tossed into the putrid pea green lake , which our restless spirits to this day haunt .
the water ran over the funny shaped rocks . the weather must have shaped a lot of the rocks there . the water trickled over some of the rocks . thee was an old little house in the middle of the area . the water had overflowed here and was finally drying up .
today , we decided to take a trip to the beach.i got in my car and started the engine to begin my journey . at the beach , i noticed an old unkept light house on the edge of the crashing waves . a ship wreck happen with in what must of previously been the light house 's bay . the boat was nearly overturned on the ruff water . the closer i moved toward the boat the stronger the waves became , crashing down near the beach . we left at the end of the day and started to drive back inland home .
the chalkboard was written on before the guy started drawing . he draw a big unicorn and a fish in a toilet and his wife was impressed .
everything was planed out in advance there would be a tree planting and a book presentation and a reef laying everyone will the go look at the view .
the jewish rock band started playing . they brought in their kosher drum set . they sang songs about organization organization . then they laid down some riffs . the jewish band rocked the socks off the house .
graduation day has finally arrived . all the students started filing in . he was thrilled to finally be graduation . everyone posed for pictures outside the venue . and to cap off the day , we all hung out at the pool .
the cabin was very luxurious inside , all the rooms were very cozy and intimate . outside , there were tons of benches to sit on . the leaves were falling and changing colors outside next to the cabin . we then went to a local restaurant that had a great view of the river and marina .
the boys like the steam engine . the green looks fresh . it still works well . they let people still ride . we will take the boys soon .
we watched as the local handy man cleaned the train 's platform . then voila ! the family got their first glimpse of the historical steam train . we later had dinner in the local station that had been converted into a restaurant . the next day the kids were even more excited to participate in their own train building project . the fruits of their labor were enjoyed by all as they got to ride their own train for the first time .
it is the evening of my graduation . a full moon portends good luck . here is our entire class , we filled up the entire stadium . we are now waiting to throw off all our hats . i 'm getting excited our professor is giving a final speech . i learned a lot from him these last few years . here come the balloons . i can believe i graduated !
spectator 's lined the street . charile was over by the fountain . [male] always made her smile . he gave her a flag . and they cheered with the rest of the crowd .
i love decorating for halloween . and i was thrilled that some of my friends were coming by to celebrate with me . we had some snacks and thought about how we wanted to decorate our pumpkins . we had a great time creating our pumpkins and putting them out on display . then we welcomed the first of our trick or treaters .
the children were all dressed up and ready to go trick o treating and to a friends halloween party soon after . the kids were having a blast at the halloween party . the kids went trick o treating for a little while , while the party carried on . the kids decided to go back to the halloween party for more fun . the kids partied at the halloween party until they were full of candy and ready to go home .
soon to be husband waiting on his bride . here comes the newlyweds . very plain birthday cake , looks delicious . great photo of the wedding people . they bride is having a blast .
we thought we arrived early for the big book debut but apparently not . my friend was dressed in costume for the latest book in the series . we looked at all the other books waiting to get our hands on what we wanted . a guy their had the same glasses my friend was wearing . i finally got the book i came for after hours of waiting .
she takes a drag of the cigarette to calm down before the festivities . it seems that some drinks are in order to get everyone in the spirit . after drinking they decided to hang out for a while at the pool . sitting by the pool , they decide its a good time to take a couple 's picture . after heading indoors they blow out the birthday cake .
[female] was at a work party . her coluges were busy setting up . the chef was making sure everyone was having a good time . the [female] were all happily chatting . [female] and her son were having a good time , too .
my husband and i were finally going on a trip to the location location location ! we got on the tram that leads you from the parking lot to the actual museum . when we got inside , they had an actual shuttle on display that was open so we could see the inside . they had lots of experimental vehicles on display and this really captivated my husband . he even got to test one of them out in a simulator . it was a great day and something we would definitely do again .
the groom waits impatiently for his bride . the brides father is walking her down the aisle to be married . a big hug and kiss for the newly married couple . the couple have chosen their best friends for the wedding party . of course , the children of the family want to be in the wedding .
fall is my favorite season . i love how pretty the leaves are . it is a great time to walk through the forest . so many leaves have already fallen . i love seeing the trees from my house . i love this season !
today we renewed our navy oath and i gave a fantastic speech we all raised our hands to take our oath the president shook our hands and off we went to march away
it 's a dead heat for first plce and now the majority of the racers are coming across the line it takes dedication to run a race all the crowds of people and the long track to run but the cause makes it all worth while
[male] jansen gave a speech at my organization last week . he talked about the importance of a good headstone . [male] [male] also showed up to do a skit with [male] . they talked about self defense and blade safety . then a random girl in a yellow dress started dancing .
hanging out with [male] , getting some skate time in . hit an olie of a two step , just warming up . [male] hit this sweet kickflip ! it made for a great photo . manual up to a three step ... into a frontside kickflip ! my first time hitting this trick ! i was super excited .
being in the pit at a race is exciting . the guys got a couple of official shirts from the race team . we got to watch a movie about the sport . the cars were so pretty ! it was nice hanging out with the officials .
the team is having a bbq today and someone brought a lot of food . the corn on the cob will be delicious ! everyone loves hot dogs that are cooked on the bbq . the cook has wrapped the corn and they are now being grilled on the bbq . someone brought the red pepper flakes for those who like it hot and spicy !
[female] was ready to hit the slopes . [male] told her to go ahead , he was going to rest while she skied . she got to the top and got ready to go down . the view of the mountains was beautiful as she skied down . she had a great day skiing !
this couple visited a star wars convention . the convention featured a recreation of a famous star wars scene . there were effects and lighting and music ! the storm troopers were nice enough to carry the couples bags while they took pictures of organization organization . it was an out of this world day .
this is a picture of a stream . this is a picture of a waterfall . this is a picture of a sign . this is a picture of animals . this is a picture of a woman .
children sit diligently in the classroom . the teddy bear lays alone on the chair . a boy holds up his red beanie baby . the girl in the stripes holds up her pink mouse . the little girl holds up her taupe bear .
the windows on this restaurant have this cool embellishment . the back has a cool retro feel to it . they light up the trees all around the building . the white dog was just hanging around and enjoying the day you could see a house through the brush .
there were lots of neat things to take pictures of on our trip to the country . this guy was checking us out . i 've never seen a butterfly like this . is n't it pretty ? the grass was so green from all the rain . there were some trees that had n't gotten their leaves back yet . i thought this deadwood was really beautiful , too , like tall sentinels .
went to the horse race and right away there was some excitement as a jockey lost control . the rider and his horse were okay but you could really see his dissapointment . during a race like this the obstacles make winners and losers . this rider was having trouble coming off the jump . this rider who lost control earlierin the race was still there at the end . i felt quite bad for him .
the downtown area has lots of attractions and features wonderful lodging options . there are also lots of gas stations nearby in case you need to tour the city in your vehicle . there are also lots of restaurants , some of them fast food . some of the restaurants also offer more formal sit down options . this time of year , the town will be decorated to celebrate christmas .
woowee ! nothing like a day of gator wrestling ! we got this gator from someone 's backyard pond , shipped him in a crate to habitat . once we had him out of the crate , it was time to move him into his closure . we still had to unwrap him , then run like heck out of there ! afterwards , we left the area with our boat . the place that took him looks like an upstanding establishment !
the family took a train ride to the zoo today . the little boy was excited once he got to the zoo . they went on the sky lift to see the animals below . they saw all kinds off elephants below . they loved seeing the zebras .
reading is one of the most important things a person learns to do in life . we read to determine what 's in our foods and how much they cost and weigh . we read to find out business hours and days . sometimes we even read to figure out where we are when we 're lost . reading can also serve to remind us of the important things we might otherwise forget .
our company has a central monitoring system , where all employees are monitored at all times . we have an eye on every one of our fifty-three offices . the head of monitoring knows that good monitoring makes for good workers . the whole monitoring crew has gotten extensive training . we feel they are the backbone of our success .
the statue was very monumental . we were the only ones there but we did noticed that someone had placed a wreath there before us . my brothers decided to stay near the wreath while i walked around . we all met back there 10 minutes later but no one showed up . we decided to leave after 30 minutes .
the venue was very comfortable . some of my friends played the dancing game . they played for about an hour . my coworkers talked over drinks . the ride back was enlightening .
to get to the island , they needed to take a motorboat . there were many seats and an awning over the top . in the background , you could see other islands and a mountain . from a distance , the island was really just a small rock with large green shade trees . the vacationers got on the boat and traveled quickly to the small island . once there , they could see a building . it was well shaded in the trees . the roof was grass , a common roofing material in the tropics . the most beautiful part of the building was the open atrium . there were beautiful plants and a fountain . the vacationers planned to spend part of the afternoon there , before traveling again .
i went to the pool yesterday . when i got home i put the baby to sleep . my mom was outside with the children . there were some people in my pool . the children were playing basketball nearby .
the wedding last week was beautiful . i brought a lot of flowers for the bride and groom . all of the friends and family were there to show their support . i took a ton of pictures while i was there . everyone was dressed up very nicely .
[male] was a huge fan of lighthouses . he 'd go see them wherever he want . he 'd long had a dream to visit a remote lighthouse in location . when he got there , he was thrilled . he loved the signpost that pointed to other lighthouses around the world . he took a picture of the historic lighthouse plaque to add to his special album of such pictures . he took hundreds of pictures of the light itself , so he 'd never forget the special day .
[female] went to a fancy winery for a fun night out . she ordered a dish that she has never tried before . alcohol helps her relax when talking to friends . her friends thought the same thing about her . as [female] left the winery , she appreciated the great times she had there .
i always loved midwinter in the north . the snow is piled up high enough to go sledding . walking on the packed snow is fun . the roads are nothing but packed snow and dirt . the bare trees allow you to see for miles .
[female] and [female] are having a party . they set up the tables real nice for everyone . [male] and [female] looking hot tonight . [male] brings his brand new baby daughter to the party . they all drink up and have a good time .
today we attended our son 's graduation from karate class . the students stood silently as the commence began . in the audience were some of the new students who were entering the academy . afterwards , some of the students gave demonstrations of what they had learned . there was even time for some silly dancing . when over , the students all felt proud of their special achievement .
taking a selfie before i put on my costume . the makeup is all done . it 's all coming together now that i have my cape on . i had to get one big smile . i have my serious face on now . i think the mask pulled it all together .
the japanese tech show had toys and gadgets for everyone . a robot that looked like a seal was used for autism research . segways were redesigned to be more efficient . pint sized robots roamed the tables . and child sized robots left everyone in awe .
we are having a few friends over this evening . time to make some cocktails . we practice a few dance moves as the guest start to arrive . take a look at this handsome couple ! so many great people in so many great hats ! our friends are hamms for the camera . smile everyone ! what a fun night we had .
the flowers at my wedding were beautiful . all the flowers matched the bridesmaids dresses and groomsmen attire perfectly . the pictures with my bridesmaids came out stunning . my husband and i quickly ran outside to take a picture with the sunset . we continued the party with our family and guests .
this is a picture of a woman . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of a couple . this is as picture of a pie . this is a picture of a sign .
we hiked out to the nearby lake last week and it was a beautiful day . we saw so many pretty flowers , including these delicate white and yellow ones . we crossed a small wooden bridge that was really quaint . light green moss blanketed the ground like a living carpet . we passed by this cute little family of ducks as we made our way back home .
i was quite concerned when i was at the amusement park and people in bio chemical suits began to show up . i worried there was a virus outbreak . i noticed that staff members met with them and escorted them into the auditorium . they were followed by company executives . it turned out it was a seminar as to how to keep guests safe in case of a breakout . afterwards , they spend some time answering questions for the park 's guests . they even posed for pictures . i was so glad there was nothing wrong .
we had been in a drought recently . but it finally rained . the road is damp . and the cows are enjoying the fields . these babies want to come out and play . this is some of the damage from the drought . tree roots are really exposed .
[male] jimmer came over for the first time to his grandparent 's house . the grandparents felt a little weird since they were so young but welcomed jimmer . the other grandchild pretended to change a diaper but then changed his mind . so the grandparents changed the diaper in the kitchen for real . after jimmer had a clean diaper , his mother read to him from a picture book .
nice decorations outside the venue for the annual office christmas party . we even got to valet our cars , which made everyone feel very appreciated . the food was a superb all you can eat buffett . here we are enjoying the delicious meal together . afterwards , drinks and smiles were had by all . great party !
the furniture from abraham lincoln era is not much different from furniture of today his home was pretty small the bed is smaller than what we now sleep the history in the museum helps to understand history better interesting this is how people received their news in the past
this is our first trip to location location . the dragon parade on main st. was spectacular . i have no idea what those mask mean , but it ; s fun to watch the floats going down the road . whoa , such great work another amazing float in the dragon parade on location location .
the bride was so happy she got married . the bride and groom both took pictures at the church . the friends of the married couple were glad to be there . the best man was excited to give his speech after . over all the wedding was perfect .
there was a book signing event at my local library today . many authors showed up to sign books . they did their best to accommodate everyone . it was really busy and they could barely keep up signing . they had a lot of spare pens to make sure they did not run out of ink !
the kids were playing on the field and smiling . the city was big and the cemetery was vast near the large house .
we went to a meeting with a few friends last month . a guy was there that was teaching all kinds of educational stuff . he had many different items he taught us about . he even played some music for us . it sounded great . we took one last picture before we went out to eat .
[male] needed to plan the orchestra for the next movie melody . they argued about who would conduct the main production . the storyboard was placed up so they could get inspired . they got inspired right away and got into formation . [male] would conduct a masterpiece for organization organization .
[male] was getting ready for the track meet up . his friends were helping him by chasing after him . this was n't good for toms nervous though so he can faster . he finished his lap and turned around because he heard some one call his name . it was just [male] trying to hit him with one of the batons . grow up [male] .
this building called out to me . i could do nothing but stare for a long time i started to move around the building to try and find why i was so enraptured by it . side by side i panned around the building to try and find a source . no luck came for me . i called my lover over to have her try and find what was going on . in the end we found a way out , but we worry about others that may have been caught by the stark white of the building .
new product line our stores will be carrying.today is an exhibition and discussion of features and suggested retail pricing . each region representative got to examine and photograph the merchandise . this i think was my favorite line.big fan of earthy tones and brown's.do n't know how i do n't spend my whole paycheck working in this place . this was the most popular line with the ladies.a lot had to deal with the color choices . [female] choose the previous picture line of merchandise to do her presentation on.i honestly think it was her favorite .
a race car takes off from its pit crew . number 55 race car waits on its crew to fix it up . a yellow cheerios car is in the lead . the red bud car is falling slightly behind . the lowes car is not far behind the cheerios car .
[female] was at her sister 's wedding slaving away over making flower arrangements . she thought about how perfect her sister was and how she might never get married . her sister [female] was always the perfect one that got whatever she wanted . little did [female] know that her sister 's soon to be husband wondered if maybe he was marrying the wrong sister . well , it was too late know , he thought as they drove away .
i made a special cake for my friend for his birthday . i invited everyone of our friends . it was very crowded in the small apartment . everyone enjoyed the cake . some people wanted seconds .
with all the plants coming back to life it was the perfect time to visit the botanical garden . the smallest pedals produced vivid colors . the white blossoms were so fragrant . in the water pond three new platforms had been added . the small waterlilies were doing quite well already .
the delegates walking towards the annual conference . the delegates about to enter the conference and get to work . some of the crowd needed translators to understand all of the delegates . the delegate unveil the new peace plan . the delegates walking away after a successful negotiation .
the gardening course was filled with fun . edible offshoots were grown . flowers were popular among some growers . different species were examined on the table . some contained only a few blooms .
the wedding is tomorrow and i am very excited . i went to the rehearsal today and it went well . everyone is so excited for the wedding tomorrow . all of the children ca n't wait to throw the flowers . even my hedgehog is excited for the wedding .
[female] prepared our christmas turkey . after it was done we all sat down to eat . we also got to meet our brothers new baby . he was so sweet . after dinner we went outside and snapped some photos then we all listened to my niece play piano .
[female] is turning 21 today ! [female] makes her wish . time to enjoy some of the wonderful cake . friends at the party for [female] . [female] is really enjoying herself and feeling pretty good !
there was not much traffic near the house with fish . but the market had a lot of people and pretty trees that were green . many saw the cat that was nearby .
the participants of the leadership conference were encouraged to bring non-perishable food for donation . some of the donation items before everyone arrived . one of the speakers talks with an attendee during a break . lunch is served at the halfway point of the day . a team building exercise after the speaking was all done .
the history class was looking at old pictures to try and piece history together . they looked at old museums , and they looked at old artwork . but what they were most interested in was the old buildings . they loved seeing how history has changed them .
[male] 's job has decided to have a croquet picnic with new investors . [female] , one of the members of the new investment company , takes her son [male] to meet [female] and [male] , and their new baby . [male] has his turn in the croquet tournament . he concentrates on his shot . [male] , a member of one of the opposing teams , takes his turn on the croquet match . the concentration paid off , [male] and his team won the tournament !
he stood by the fish tank waiting for things to get started . still waiting for the first guests , he decides to sit down . people start arriving at the party in crazy costumes . they started discussing the scenery in the house . everyone poses at the end of the party to take a picture .
there was lots to see and do at the festival , including listening to unusual instruments . many stalls had handmade clothing and one even had dresses specifically for little girls . as part of the festival grounds , there were also numerous sculptures that one could touch . many stalls were adorned with handmade glass bottles . by midday thousands were in attendance , the biggest turn out yet !
at the fundraiser event , there were many attractions . the leader of the company had some words for the audience . he even brought out a few guest speakers . people began arriving to support the company . the new innovations were showed off to the audience .
the fashion show was a success . the women all looked beautiful . even the men looked great . this woman looked most stunning of all . the kids got in on the fun too .
it was saturday , the day before mother 's day and the organization organization organization was a busy place . the flowers and plants were healthy , clean , and well cared for . the orchids were tempting me , seeming to beg me to take them home . i always enjoy the buckets of flowers because i can choose what i like and the color scheme i 'm considering . there was such a selection that it seemed like hours of walking and choosing . i did n't mind at all , because flowers always manage to brighten a day . this young lady could see that i was having a hard time choosing , so she offered to help . between her help and my hesitation , we managed to pick out two beautiful bouquets , one for my mom and one for myself . i then chose another bouquet for my flower friend , and we both went home happy , with anticipation of the day that will follow .
the organization was out protesting against contaminated water . the protest took place in front of their headquarters . this shows one of the banners they put up . they drew quite a crowd . other protesters walked the streets . i hope it made a difference .
families gathered to the church as a wedding ceremony took place that afternoon . after the ceremony , they arrived at the venue for the reception . the dj announced the new bride and groom as they arrived . everyone enjoyed a beautiful catered dinner . next , they topped off the reception with a fun filled night of dancing !
a wedding is getting ready to happen.there is flower girls waiting the bride father is bring her out the bride and groom is getting married now the bride and groom are kissing each other this wedding is taking place on a boat
the chief came to great us . he talked with us for awhile . we got to meet his whole team . another man came to great us . the chief waved to us as he left .
graduation day is upon us . we were part of the screen arts graduates there were so many people in attendence they even played a movie of all of our projects everyone was happy
we are now mr. and mrs. shall we dance ? my new husband dances so divinely kissing is fun ! mr. and mrs. cutting the cake . here are some of our guest , thank all of them for coming .
there year me and my husband went to a halloween costume party . our friends [male] and [female] dressed up as breakfast at organization 's . i loved the girls iconic outfits . there is always room for two at costumes parties . one of my favorite costumes were this group , they stole the show .
the couple went to an open house . they were thinking about buying the house . they look like they may be interested . there was plenty of storage space in the basement . there was even a room for the baby ! mom liked the house most of all .
it is the best hat contest and it is just starting . first competitor , has a black hat . the judge is impressed by the first contestant . some fools show up without a hat but they are allowed to stay . the winner strikes a pose .
looks like halloween reporting has the got the best of me . do i really look happy ? this scare crow would make the corn field cry ! i 'm in love with the clown . cool dude , how about a little purple .
my daughter 's school recently hosted a talent contest . a large group of kids put their talent on display through an orchestral performance . another large group of kids sang a couple of hit songs from the 1960 's . although i liked the collective performances , i was most moved by the kids who performed in smaller groups . the winners of the talent contest sang an excellent rendition of `` [male] one more time . ''
[female] was certainly adventurous at the party with this little number . [male] was the life of the party with this joker 's outfit . suzy was all smiles in a bloody roman toga . [female] and justing needed some fresh air . [male] and [female] were total opposites at the party .
the friends got together to have a movies night . they decided on a organization movie . not all the friends wanted to have their picture taken . then the movie started and they sat to watch it . after that some of them fell asleep .
i met a girl in an online game . she was supposed to meet me in the outdoor club . i guess she had other plans , though . no one ever wants to meet me at the club . i have a better shot at getting a girl in real life .
the couple visited the house of the location location . there were all kinds of neat things there like this well . there was a beautiful view of the dock . you could even take a tour of the property if you were willing to pay . it was a nice place with a great deal of history .
[male] went to see his mother 's grave someone had planted a tree in place for her a lot of people payed tribute to her lot of memorabilia was left at the grave side here was her tombstone
the kids dress up for the halloween party . this little tot is a spooky ghost ! some of the costumes are creepy and some are as favorite movie characters such as darth vader . too much partying has put this little guy to sleep ! after waking up , it looks like maybe he 's ready for some candy ! halloween is a favorite holiday for the entire family .
i went to the market place today and had some lobster . i bought a basket to carry some home . i then went around shopping and saw scarves . there were also some that looked colorful and see through . i went home on a motorcycle .
pumpkin carving contest . dude , pull your pants up ! the girls were carving away , flirting with each other . the finished product nine excellent jack-o-lanterns . relaxing afterward with a few beers . happy halloween everyone .
lots of drinks for the organization organization 's day party ! even the dog marnie had maybe a drink or two . couple drinks in and [male] and [female] are feeling quite cozy . a couple more drinks and [female] is hugging everybody . not to be outdone though , [female] was out here kissing random guys .
suzy getting ready with the help of her mom . [male] smiling right before he gets married . the groomsmen showing off their matching suits . the wedding cake was made of entirely of cupcakes . their first dance as husband and wife .
a tourist takes a picture of sunflowers before entering the gift shop . she then takes picture of all the magnets available . then , she goes outside to watch the boats . two of them catch her eye . she wishes to ride them . after that , she takes a walk around town
our trip to the ski lodge was a ton of fun ! they had great food for every meal . the vast array of options was magnificent . the snow pack was light , but beautiful nonetheless . the scenery alone was worth the trip .
the neighbors invited our family over for a pool party . the girls like the pool even though they can not swim . the neighbor boy made unwelcome advances and was repelled with the help of the pool sweep . mr. jones showed off some vacation videos on his laptop . mrs. jones was embarrassed by the topless shots at the beach and left the table .
my cousin got married last year . she had a night wedding . the groomsman had a beard . drinks were free . the groom posed with his best man and father .
i got this great , new bike for my birthday ! i am so excited i am going to ride it everywhere i can in one day . i will ride it threw the woods and down the road . i will ride it to the lake , okay , that was exhausting . i think i 'll take a nap and ride my bike some more tomorrow .
the parents walked her out to the field for the home coming celebration . then other students walked out to the field . the teachers walked out with some of the other students . after that they presented the home coming king and queen with their crowns . they were so excited to receive the honor .
those were happier times , in the quad between classes . i presented my girlfriend , with her alluring hair highlights , some aromatic flowers . at graduation , she returned the gesture ; hard to believe i was loving her from afar for all of high school . of course , there were certain teachers who would hurt the children in any way they could ; but even so , some managed to smile at graduation . after catching her cheating on me , i cut my girlfriend into little pieces and left her in the unmarked locker , third in from the right , on the top row .
when i arrived in location , the weather was a bit cold . many of the buildings were incredibly ornate , with statues near the entrances . the palace was beautiful , and very big . the city was all decked out in lights for the christmas festival . we went in a store and saw some beautiful christmas decorations .
i visited a city in location that was very busy and congested . i went to a market and enjoyed looking at all the stalls . later , i hopped in a bicycle rickshaw pedaled by a local . we went through the city streets and watched the people . finally , the driver allowed me to take his motorized wagon out for a spin .
we were off work because of the snow , so we took a walk . there was some spraypaint on a nearby building . the dog loved it . more tagging on a fence . the cold air felt good .
the dean gave a motivating speech at the [female] 's graduation ceremony . it took a long time to get through everybody . afterwards , [female] was so happy . she took a picture with her mom . and a picture with her grandpa . and , even a picture with her bratty little sister , bitsy .
we acted like groupies before the band practiced their set . they set everything up and got started . moving and being showy is part of the process . they are concentrating on hitting the right notes . everyone sets up their drums differently and she is no exception .
i went for a walk today . it was very cloudy . i saw a traffic cone . i went down to the lake for a little while . i saw a kite stuck on a tree .
it was time to venture on a journey off to bear lane they went they had to stop and refuel at the station they visited the fire station and met all the brave fire fighters
the man set up his food stand at the farmers ' market on saturday . he brought with him a wide assortment of things , including fresh breads . he set up a fudge counter , something he had recently branched out into . he also had some fresh strawberries he got from his son 's garden . but the centerpiece was the jams and jellies he had long made .
priest looking at the ceiling of the church . mahogany ceiling with gold decor . window showing the life of [male] christ . [male] and eve and satan . getting swallowed by a whale .
we decided to get out and photograph this beautiful city . the narrow alleyways are so surreal and charming . the markets were amazing and with fresh fruit there were stands lining the streets . and so many fresh vegetable stands .
walking from his car , [male] was excited to finally graduate . his pride could be seen in his smile . he kept one of his extra tickets as a memento . at last , he is in focus and receives his diploma and a handshake from the uni president . `` wait ! '' he shouted . `` this was printed on an inkjet ! ! ''
this man is going hiking . the trail goes through many different types of natural landmarks . this waterfall is 15 miles from where the party started the hike . these rock walls line the trail . [male] and [male] loved going on nature hikes .
we painted liz 's fingernails and toenails before her party , and she wore her nice new clothes . when the party happened , she was most excited about her cake . later that day we tried to take her picture , but she kept making funny faces . she was a little tired , and did n't want her picture taken . we did get one great shot , though .
it 's the holiday season . time for a meeting with my fellow workers at the food pantry to decide if we have enough staffing . then , on to a religious service at the local church that really has a creepy nativity scene this year . trudging through the snow to find stores that are open . enjoying the lights . finding some inspiration for my last-minute gift-buying .
on vacation , i visited a beautiful home . the home was large , and old , and well manicured . the gardens were so beautiful and large . i walked through the gardens to get a closer look at all the plants they had . i was sad to leave this old stone home , and hope to visit again .
all kind of family came for the celebration . the couple was renewing their vows . it was a very special day . they couple kissed and made it official . the ceremony was very beautiful .
man i 'm so hungry . let 's get some food . haha dude we 're sooo high . let 's get some soup for some food . ca n't forget alcohol . better turn up today ! time to check out the food .
i tried to get on the train as fast as i could . there were too many people inside . i eventually made it in but it was very crowded . i could n't believe how many people were on the train . it took a long time but we eventually made it off .
the speaker of the evening has taken the mic and will start the meeting . he will start a slid on the screen for everyone to see . making a little joke to loosen everyone up . now he will end the meeting with a closing . corporate staff decided to take a picture together .
this is a picture of fireworks . this is a picture of pink fireworks . the fireworks are blue . the fireworks are orange and white . this is a picture of white fireworks .
i am a professional photographer hired to take graduating photos . here is ptc graduating class of 2014 some more ptc graduates . the dean and teachers of organization . here is me the photographer .
i love this kind of old artwork . we saw some really creative works of art here . this alley was to beautiful not to capture this old building was very scenic and surreal . finally , we saw some more modern works of art .
family and friends got together for a small wedding in a beautiful historic building . a bridesmaid happily posed with a guest . the bride and groom shared their first dance . family and friends had a wonderful time at the formal dinner with drinks . beautiful flowers decorated a momentous occasion .
[male] is wearing his backpack and getting ready to go to school . he decided to take a picture with some neighbors ' children who do n't go to school yet . these are [male] 's classmates . they love taking pictures so they decided to take a profile picture . [male] is waiting for the school bus and the neighbors ' kids decided to wait with him .
we came to a friend 's concert for support and took pictures before his performance . our friend performed well on stage . he played a variety of instruments . his band also played well . there were some technical difficulties towards the end .
the race cars line up after finishing the race . the third place team posing outside of their car . the second place team looks to the crowd for a photo opportunity . the winners celebrate their speedy victory . the crowd is turned loose to mill among the cars .
all of my friends came to the wedding yesterday . there were a lot of people there . they took many pictures of the castle location . the cake they served at the ceremony was delicious . we had a great time there .
a photo of the bus i was on when i took a trip . the bus is still on the freeway , after driving a few hours . the weather is a little sunnier , but we are still on the road . i decided to stop for the night at this hotel . the next day i was back on the road .
there was a variety of drinks at the venue . this man in all white was full of energy and dance moves . the party got crazy and there were many people . i brought my friend along to share drinks with us . the screen contained a blue sky and clouds .
a mermaid was stranded on the beach and began to take a nap . he dreamed that a giant , evil cat was going to come and get him . the girl in the dream read braille in order to call for the monkey to save them . the monkey came to help him . the monkey gave the girl a scooter so she could escape the cat .
last weekend we had a great time at the party . some people had brought some very elaborate costumes . there were a lot of strange people there too . the children had fun playing together . everyone gathered in the room for the meeting .
dinner table set up for the guests before they come . birthday cake is ready and set out for the falls birthday . people arrive and start talking and enjoying themselves . some sit with the dog and relax . then the birthday cake is cut .
there was an office costume party about to start up . everybody was waiting outside for the fun . as people sat at their desk they looked a little different all dressed up . some costumes were very creative , with characters we see on tv . this man decided to make this women laugh and say i did n't know we were supposed to dress up . but he snuggles in for a picture with a women dressed for the far out seventies .
many people came out to support the cause today . we were one of many couples and that impressed us very much since this is so near to our hearts . many of the signs people made had compelling slogans . some people flew flags while others carried the signs . we were moved to another location eventually by the authorities .
i went to comic con with my friends dressed as hippies . we you ran into wonder woman and evil knievel . we met a fisherman made of bronze . i think we even saw pee-wee [male] . the incredibles were also there .
we were all excited to attend the graduation . i looked through the program to see what was going to happen . a lot of people showed up . family and friends both attended . some folks needed help with their collars being tucked into their graduation gown . the multitude of graduates paraded in for the ceremony . the graduates were a proud sight as they listened attentively .
my sister had a huge day yesterday downtown ! she preformed a symphony with her class . of course , she brought her ptsd dog with her . my mother and i were so happy for her , she 's never been in front of a crowd that big . it would n't be possible without the dog .
nature can be so beautiful at times . sometimes it does n't even look real . this could be on a postcard . they are so peaceful to look at . yet have so much beauty at the same time .
i know i go a little overboard for halloween . but i love dressing up . once i get started making jack-o-lanterns , i ca n't stop . i made my husband dress up too . he 's a good sport about it . my sister [female] comes over to help hand out candy , and she does it up big too . we love to see all the little dressed up kids . it 's the best night of the year .
decided to take a day trip out with the family . came across a coffee factory and we got to take a tour and see how everything works . they have some really complicated looking machines that help with the process . there are buttons and levers everywhere . we even got to step in and help with the process !
the star wars convention was amazing . there were storm troopers everywhere . they even did a choreographed dance . we got to meet some of the storm troopers . the best part was when we saw location location .
the soccer game is in full swing . they couple poses for a quick shot . the river graces the backdrop . the city skyline is seen in the background . the large coniferous tree is looking healthy .
this the view of the streer on our trip we saw ow people hang their clothes to dry here , the street is filled with street vendors this wall was one of the oldest walls here . we saw a black cat , we were careful it did n't cross our path .
the city marathon is a huge family friendly event . anyone is allowed to run , whether its professional or simply for fun . some dedicated athletes participate in the marathon to demonstrate commitment . others run the marathon as a fun way of bonding with their children . whatever the reason , the meaning of the marathon is n't to finish first only to participate .
mom was getting ready for her night . she buttoned up her jeans and got to work . staring at the laundry made her dizzy . the dinner was in the oven . mom passed out and dad took dinner out of the oven .
it was a beautiful day out with my dog rocko . he was really excited . we walked through the park and saw some beautiful flowers along the way . this was rocko investigating and being curious . rocko also ran around these trees . i have n't seen him this happy in awhile ! sadly , when we got back to the car it looked like someone hit it . luckily they left a note with their insurance information . regardless , it was a good day .
everyone went into the meeting room . once everyone was seated , the talking began . people at the front said their piece . the people in the crowd took noted on it . the meeting lasted a few hours , then ended .
grandfather always wanted his funeral on horse and buggy . here is 1 of his friends . he will be missed . taking pictures with his friend . carrying his to his horse and carriage ride to the cemetary . on the way to the cemetary .
it 's time for our drum circle . we like to think our drumming grounds us to mother earth . some ladies use a little flair when they play . others take the more straight forward approach . our ladies drum circle dances to the beat of our own drum .
i decided to have a summer bbq . i invited a few of my friends over . we ate great food and had a couple of drinks . we hung out late into the the night . apparently some of us had to much fun and passed out early .
the whole family got together for the birthday party . there was plenty of spirits and fun . the birthday boy was happy and having a great time . his parents were very proud of their son . the birthday boy loved his new pet chicken .
my best buddy [male] is such a goofball . we are always fooling around , playing video games and being silly . i usually beat him . he 's no good at video games . but when we go outside for football , he beats me . either way , we have a great time together .
my favorite costume was the ninja costume . everyone was having a blast . the balloon were filled with nitrous . sheera and the ninja had a battle miss location was n't impressed
[male] 'the ninja ' at our halloween party ! [female] and [male] are having a blast at the party tonight . no , [male] , do n't pop the yellow balloooooon . he ended up popping them . the ninja is fighting the female gladiator . and here 's our location location , [female] . i think she lost her roses somewhere .
vulcan village held their own trick or treat event . groups of children in costume traipsed from house to house for candy treats . the children loved being in their costumes and were enjoying their adventure . a few people gave out candy on the sidewalk . the small heros , witches , ghosts had their bags filled with delicious treats .
watching fireworks on the fourth of july . there was a huge red one . a beautiful yellow one . a colorful one . and a green sparkly one .
during their trip to location , the couple saw many buddah statues surrounding the markets . the markets themselves were filled with many people selling many different things . the streets were filled with many people . you could even buy a lot of fun toys and accessories . there was even a man selling fresh fish that he caught himself .
the grilled beer can chicken , it was so delicious . finishing getting everything ready for dinner . everyone hanging around having a great time . helping get last minute dinner ready . everyone hanging around just talking after our wonderful dinner .
we went to a really old house today . we found a creepy door to a basement and went inside . there were huge caverns underneath the house . some of the scenery was beautiful . but chilling . we decided we needed to leave after we started hearing moaning sounds from inside .
today was the day baby [female] was going to go to the beach . she was all ready and looking at her parents if it was time to go . she even took a look out of the window . this kid really wanted to go to the beach outside . finally they took the baby outside to have fun on the beach .
i think a dirt track is the best place for cars to race . it reminds me of the old organization days where dirt tracks were common . the track was challenging for some of the drivers . it is not a real race without stirring up a little dust . the crowd definitely had a good time .
it was halloween and this household was preparing for the festivities for the night . the women in the house decided to dress conservatively and go out to the bars . other groups of people dressed up and stayed at home to relax . one particular individual then decided that the others were boring and started drinking by himself . the parents and kids came back and got lots of candy after everybody else left to do their own things .
the train arrived in the station at 9:45 . the group walked to their favorite spot on the dock and waited until dark . once it was dark they did their yearly walk to the tower . after the tower they walked to the dock as they have done many years before . they waited for the sun to rise to end their wonderful night .
the rabbi performs a marriage ceremony . the couple light the unity candle . the bride poses with family . friends and family at the wedding reception . the newlyweds dance together for the first time .
the scenery is pure beauty right before we get to the dome in location . the walk before we got to the cathedral . here is the what is left of the cathedral in location . here we are inside the cathedral and loving every minute of it . here is some of the art we seen while there at the cathedral .
the make-up team arrived to get ready for the fashion show . they got to meet some fun people . the models looked great ! the talented make-up artists did a great job . the fashion show was a big success .
these people are going to go on a tour . the painting is very large and beautiful . the walls are covered in large , beautiful paintings ! there are many chandeliers hanging from the ceiling . there are paintings that even cover the ceilings !
i went to my friends wedding . it was held at a beautiful organization organization . the bride looked like a princess . the happy couple walked down the aisle . the bride took pictures with the bridal party .
marge worked hard to get her master 's degree . it was especially difficult since she was a single mother and her mom was too old to help with childcare . she resented the fact that her ex-husband showed up to the graduation ceremony . but was thrilled to receive her degree . now , onto a better paying job !
a fun day of arts and crafts at pre-school . so many things for the children to play with at school , so much to pick from . learning balance and coordination while having fun at schoo . parents with their children while they become adjusted to school . a parent having a chat with the teacher at school .
a bomb was made by this army . it was very well as you can see it took many years to accomplish this . the bomb is put away in a safe for safety reasons . the general talks about the power it has . the officials come in and show the paperwork on the bomb .
this is my daughter on her first day of school , she 's so stoked . she practically dragged me up the stairs with her excitement . she waved to the empty parking lot to let everyone she was ready to awesome . the play room practically glowed in front of her , she was ready to dominate her fellow classmates . this was my last image of her , she told me that all of the toys belong to her and kids need her permission to use them , attagirl .
this past weekend i attended the location rally . i had to bring a bag to hold my gear . i received a bunch of free stuff . i saw the safety car . i got a closer look at the safety car .
everyone was getting ready for the wedding that day . redbull and tums were brought for added fun . the men all posed for a picture before the ceremony . the bride and groom walk down the aisle to take their vows . the night winds down as the man makes a speech at the reception .
everyone started showing up for the halloween party . more people showed up than what was expected ! they all stopped to pose for goofy photos . many of the costumes showed a lot of skin , of course . and then there were intricate costumes like this one .
the girl was in the doorway and the man was driving . the people were happy that they cuddled and the man was sleeping .
we were putting together the last last month . the finished product looked really amazing . we even had refreshments for everyone working on it . it was really hard work but we all helped each other out . with our team work we were able to out together something really amazing .
today there was a protest . lot 's of people came . there was police there as well . people stood outside with signs . it was a chaotic day .
going hiking and looking at the wonderful view of the mountains . i love the castle behind all the trees . here i am standing by the mountains . it 's party time , let 's get something to eat . a couple of friends having a drink .
the costume party was so much fun . we really got into our characters . playing the parts took a lot of skill . everyone was laughing at the funny antics . after it was over i realized i had n't been wearing my lipstick .
we had some friends over for a graduation party . everyone had a lot of fun and we drank a little bit more than the usual . good thing one us found a box of old donuts , since no one brought any food over . the weather was very nice , so we spent most of the time on the porch . some pictures will definitely remain a secret only to the one attending the party .
they felt awe and gratitude looking at the mountain . although it was a grey day , they still had fun exploring the city . the market bustled with all kinds of people . they took a photo at a textured gum wall . then they bought some oranges and made fresh-squeezed orange juice back at the hotel .
the family decided to visit our grandparents for christmas . we stopped by a local plaza to buy christmas presents . we found a few trains carved out of wood . there was a vast amount of ceramic coin banks . a small boy invited us to check out his father 's hat shop . we picked up a few blankets , shirts , and table cloths for many of the family members at the plaza .
last week i finally had a chance to wear my new costume . there was a cosplay convention not far from my home . i figured this would be the best time to show off my new costume . i dressed up and got ready for the event . i brought my sword just in case .
the man is on a tour of this landmark site . he stops to have his picture taken for future reference on the trip . a building off in the distance , what could be inside it ? as the tour continued they came across a statue and what looks to be a man made lake . as the tour stopped to take a photo a fountain that shooting water into the air as soon as the photo was taken .
he enjoyed playing the game to pass time . he preferred puzzle pieces . dad teaches her how to work the computer . the baby is interested in the game in his hand . dessert was almost gone .
one of our favorite things on the trip were the sunsets . during the days , people would sail the lakes . we made friends with many of the locals . we had a great time exploring the ruins . when the ship arrived , we did n't want to leave !
there was a musical going on downtown today . there were many popular singers there . they played a lot of good songs . the audience was heavily involved . the singers were very motivational .
it had snowed , but the dog needed to be walked . there was graffiti outside . the man stopped to pet his dog . the two passed by more artwork . they were nearing home now after the long , cold walk .
starting the football season off right with our homecoming game . the homecoming queen and her ladies looked stunning . our wonderful football team , do n't they look great next to the homecoming court ? all lined up and enjoying their moment in the spotlight . the little ones posing with our team mascot . they 'll be on the field one day soon !
the group is gathering to present their views . it looks like everyone is here so we can begin . it is now time to get together to discuss what was presented . it takes a lot of people working behind the scenes to make a function work perfectly . it is time to share with friends what we have heard and learned .
the arrangement is prepared before placing in a vase . the arrangement was set in a vase and water . a beautiful ribbon was added to compliment the flower arrangement . in addition to the flowers in the vase , another centerpiece was made . the final piece to the set were two gorgeous flower bundles .
the family is preparing for a large dinner . here the family is setting up the table for their get together . this is some of the extended family enjoying some of the food . here are a couple of the kids enjoying a game at the table after finishing dinner . and here are the youngest members of the family playing on our pool table .
today , i took my children to a festival to learn about food . there were a lot of activities for children and food trucks . kids learned a lot about animals and eggs . my son learn how to cook a few things and we all learned a few things about plants and vegetables .
my friends dragged me to this strange party . they said it would be a party i 'd never forget . then i noticed the radioactive ore behind me . i could feel it changing my body . suddenly , i had the power to cause motion blur whenever i wanted ! my other friend gained the power to turn into a black woman . what a strange party indeed .
before every game , as the many support staff are getting ready , the fans start getting excited . they line up , hungry for any glimpse of the players . they scream and shout during the game , electrified by the action . the big green monster might look like the organization organization mascot , but any true fans know he 's very different . if you are a fan of the black and white , you are a fan all the way !
the friends gathered for a meal . the dishes were placed on the table . they all looked amazing ! each dish was fresh and appetizing . the friends gobbled up their food . then they made some drinks . it was a great time .
i went to visit a church in the town i was visiting . it is quite simple inside , much more plain than i would expect it to be . the columns are quite nice but nothing out of the ordinary . this picture is one of the only artwork available . this made me giggle . then i quickly looked around , hoping i had not made too much noise . i could just imagine a none telling me , `` silence ''
we decided to travel all around the world . we started with the liberty bell in location . next we were off to the mountains . the rocket museum was very cool . our trip ended when our car got struck my lightning .
the dog posed proudly in the women loved her dogs , and she made sure to show them that through hugs . the fireworks were all different colors . the fireworks were a great sight to see . the women was happy to receive kisses from her dog .
people who do n't appreciate nature absolute baffle me . a babbling brook is more pleasant and calming than anything else in the world . i often go on hikes with my father . my dad taught me everything i know about surviving in the wilderness . after a lot arm twisting , we got my brother to come along on our last hike .
the men were happy that they were at an event . they made food and were having beer that was home brewed .
the theme for the party was grotesque . the costumes looked very realistic . some looked like horror movie characters . refreshments matched other decor . the night was wild and entertaining .
the final project before graduating was the thesis presentation to the panel . each student gave their presentation on stage . when it came time for the graduation ceremony , they stood next to their classmates . then , the graduates posed with their colleagues and family members . finally , they walked across the stage and collected their accolades .
the wedding guests are waiting for the reception to start . the wedding party is taking pictures with the families . the bride and groom take some pictures just of them , as well . now it 's time for dinner and dessert . after the dinner , it 's time to have fun together .
i went to a costume party . there were all kinds of delicious treats , including yummy cup cakes . a lady asked me to take her picture . we were watching a horror movie . at the end of the night , we took many pictures .
the wedding we went to last week was really small . the bridge was very beautiful however . she was very happy . it was a quiet wedding in the backyard . afterward they drove off to their honeymoon .
when [male] said that he was doing his house japanese style for the party , i did n't really believe him . but when we got there , i was stunned at what he had pulled off . even the dining table was low and we had to sit on the floor to eat . and the serving platters and dishes were all authentic . he even had original japanese artwork on the walls . he went all out .
people prefer to be around nice people . [female] is one of the nicest people at a university . a counselor spoke about how healthy graduating is . the women took a picture with a few grateful boys . everyone was proud of each other that day .
the band member calibrates his instrument with a tuning device . poised and firm , the band member gets ready for the event . the drummer sets his cymbals to prepare for the gathering . the guitarist sings in a calm manner . then he swings his mood from calm to excited .
fans of anime and video games sometimes like to dress up like their favorite characters . this type of fandom is called `` cos-play '' . costumes can be very ornate and expensive . they enjoy dressing up and then acting like their favorite characters . a lot of fans will have multiple costumes for different characters .
[male] visited location during the summer . he found the countryside of location very beautiful . a pond emptied into a beautiful manmade river with rocks . as [male] continued to take a look at the landscape , he found a beautiful rock formation . he was graciously invited to take a tour of someone 's house . he noted how neat and beautifully clean the house was . in the living room , they had an artwork that depicted traditional japanese work .
margret thatcher is honored by the british guards band . the community is saddened by the loss of [female] thatcher . even the news media is interested in the funeral procession of a great prime minister . many public officials will be by to honor the ex prime minister . some people are angered by the current prime minister and prefer thatcher to [male] .
it barbecue season again . and my family does it big every year . we have a huge family so we like to eat huge as well . my favorite is the grilled corn . i love corn . i love barbecue season . if you are ever around feel free to stop by and say hi .
i made a lot oc ookies for the party tonight . i made all different kinds . some of them are salty . i made lots of different designs as well . i had a great time .
the fireworks this year were amazing . some were like colorful star-flowers falling from fire bursts . some went multicolored from green to red . many exploded from the ground making a peacock tail of fire . brilliant colors of light made for a beautiful night .
we went across the river to the old city . there are many homes along the coastline . we traveled through town . the magnificent church was stunning . the craftsmanship on the inside was fantastic .
the bus has taken them to where they needed to go . some beautiful white flowers are seen . they then discovered some pink flowers . the water sits at the base of the town . the cathedral 's interior is desolate yet filled with beauty .
the sky was starting to look a little gray . they all stood around looking at the sky . they decided to play anyways . the game was in full force and the sky was clearing . the first inning was over and the pitcher was practicing .
everyone gathered for the big event . the sky was lit up for miles around . people were in awe with what they saw . it was time for the grand finale . then the party got started again .
out on a family outing . some of the kids posing on the field . first pitch thrown for the game . pitcher is getting ready . off to the dugouts .
there was a huge audience at the graduation ceremony last week . everyone in town was there . all of the speakers took several minutes to deliver their speeches . we used the sports stadium for the event . everyone was really happy to receive their diploma at the end .
we all went camping last night . we made some food while we were there . at night we stayed in our tent . in the morning we had to clean up . it took a while .
today we visited a farm . we spotted some pigs . at the table , my brother and i jokes around . the windmills were spinning . we got on a hayride and had a great time .
we all waited anxiously for the parade to start . the vfw led it off with the flags . then came our high school marching band . the color guard did and awesome job . the grand marshal finished the parade up in a beautiful classic car .
during our trip to the city , we decided to go to a club . the atmosphere was pleasant and the people were so friendly . the stage was ready for the musicians to play , all we needed was for them to show up . eventually they did , and they put on one of the best shows i have ever seen . to wrap up the wonderful night , we decided to treat ourselves to dessert .
the singer is ready to do a concert getting all of his viewers excited . the singer kicks out with the first part of his concert . the next part is where the singer plays the guitar for his viewers . for the last but not least the singer plays the drums . the singer says goodbye to all of his viewers and goes home .
his father , who was once so close , now laid in a casket - dead . he and his sister mourned together , remembering their childhood . the organization guard was there to celebrate his father 's life with them . after the funeral , there was a celebration of his father 's life . he truly learned how respected and revered his father really was .
today , we went bird watching . there was a large bird with long legs , flying through the air . a man was holding a giant bird on his arm , and told us all that he knew about it . one bird looked like he would rather that we were not there . this bird was flying low to the ground , looking for something to eat .
we all gathered for lunch , before our exciting day . the strawberries , was a little to sour . we loved taking a trip back in time , to learn the native culture . it was a great learning experience , especially for the kids . the trails was just beautiful .
everyone is gathered together to celebrate halloween . [male] and cleopatra pose for the camera . then there is frankenstein 's wife and a mad scientist . two friends come dressed as a prom queen and [female] [male] . as the party comes to a close the group poses for a picture .
we had been working hard all week to finish building our space ball . we had to wait forever to get all of the panels assembled . we had to climb all over the structure . it was really difficult to fasten them all in place . after a long time we finally finished it .
the team went on a team building exercise . some of the members of the group created rafts with tubes and long poles . other members of the group carried individual tubes on sticks to the water . after the rafts were constructed many of the team members put them in the water to test them out . even though we were wet at the end of the day we felt as sense of accomplishment .
they did a great job with the costumes . everyone was dressed in the [male] theme . the fun was with all the poses . we drank and sat around talking . soon we will choose the best costume award winner .
it was a beautiful day for our wedding . the ceremony was professional . we even wrote our own vows . we held hands during the ceremony , symbolizing the relationship we both share with each other . we posed for pictures after the ceremony .
[male] is the guy in the middle . he has a pretty good life . he and his lover just adopted a new baby and they could n't be happier ! here is mark with his lover . [male] is in the suit as he is the teams mascot he often times had to perform in front of very large crowds . it made things especially hard since the team had been on a losing streak .
fireworks are my absolute favorite part of independence day . the different colors always catch my eye . some of them are two toned and reach far into the night sky . some burst into a blossom like a flower . the fireworks that look like a star are my personal favorite .
they arrived at the summit , and had a drink together . they were there to speak on the upcoming game releases . they were interviewed by numerous reporters ... and required to speak in front of the media.. which , certainly , did n't seem to please [male] .
a perfect winter day to head out and see the town . a beautiful church along the way , looks so peaceful against the snow . there is something about snow that makes scenery so much more beautiful just take a look at that quiet , sleepy town . and a perfect way to wrap up our winter day , a drink at the local pub .
the church is old , but it has a nice history . they display this history during the afternoon . some books even talk about location . the older members of the church remember these things . it makes them sad .
the able is ready for the party . first appetizer is fried fish . then we have a noodle salad . there is also the option of a fruit bowl for kids . and finally for desert , coconut cakes .
last night i was trying to figure out what we were going to do and then i had a great idea . i gathered all my friends and we all went to hang out in the pool . so many of my friends showed up . afterward we all were hungry so we went to grab something to eat . i brought my scary mask to scare everybody . after we ate we decided to climb up on my roof and hang out until morning .
today grammy [female] took us bowling . we were all getting ready to battle . grammy went first . she got a strike ! uncle [male] dropped his ball . it was pretty funny . next up was [male] but he was taking his turn eating not playing . everyone was screaming at him . my brother jerrod took [male] 's turn and knocked down 2 pins . he 's the worst at this game .
the bride and groom look into each others eyes as if its the first time they met . they both get ready to slice the cake . the dancing and fun starts . the groom gives a speech to the crowd . a child and his mom look at their food .
it all started that morning as i got ready to go to school . but , just before i left , my dad said we were skipping and going on a trip to the city and beyond ! we went across a huge bridge ! then we took a walk and watched some people who were fishing . after our walk , we took a break and stared at the beautiful city skyline .
they filled the street and the bridge overhead . many carried signs expressing political views . some brought along flags . there were strong feelings in the crowd . the crowd eventually lessened over the day .
while on our way home from shopping we were stopped by a police roadblock . suddenly a white car going about 100 miles an hour zips right past the roadblock . a motorcycle cop was in hot pursuit of the white car . all the police cars except the one blocking the road went racing after the white car . when shots started flying between the cops and the car we left our car and got as far away as we could to watch at a safe distance .
[female] is new in town and looking for something fun to do . she searches through different catalogs to see what she can do . she grabs a bite to eat and then locates a nearby museum with a lot of artifacts . [female] came across one that caught her eye , a caveman and a log . next to the caveman was another , he looked so sad trying to build a fire .
the bike is at a bike shop . it is an older bike and needs work . each part is striped and fixed the way it needs to be . the gears need to be oiled . finally the bar on it needs a touch up .
there were a lot of students ready to graduate this year . when they called the students up they were very happy . i was really happy to finally graduate . all of the students were very sad because they would not see each other again . my family came to support me .
the ceremony started with the guards marching to the national anthem . they presented some awards and saluted to show their respect . we got to hear from a bag pipe player as well , which was really interesting and entertaining to see and hear . these officers are taking an oath to serve their duties to the fullest they can achieve . a veteran is then presented with flag to commemorate his bravery and service .
i love my beautiful wedding cake . napkins with our wedding date on them . everyone standing waiting on me to come down the aisle . i love the cross ! here i am with my sister
guests arrive for the costume party , and mingle with their friends . a guest dressed as a fox tries to lure-in another party goer . the photographer arrives and checks his camera for quality . he takes photos of the guests in their costumes , including a man dressed as a dog . the fox is last to pose , and the final photo is captured .
i went to the wedding last week . it was on the lake . i brought all the necessary paperwork . the live band was very good . i bought many flowers for the couple .
the rivalry begins the school is lavished with history 1967 is one of the best years in the schools history everyone takes pride in the events old and young alike enjoy the festivities
i went to the park today and found a bunch of people there . they were having some kind of party , so i just went through and started taking a bunch of pictures . i told this guy i was a hired photographer , i do n't think he believed me . i wonder if they 're starting to suspect that i 'm a ginger . they never found out i was a ginger , it was really fun .
this was a picture taken a long time ago . this was him when he was young . this was his class picture . this was the boy when he was a baby . this was a trading card of his .
the men are excavating looking for artifacts . they have troughs set up to clean anything that they do find . they dug a huge hole in the ground as they have been looking . there are buckets by the hole where they put items in . one item that was found was an old vintage bottle .
it was the entrance to the ancient city . we were all excited . these buildings were absolute wonders . this tree majestically soured into the sky . this tree actually became part of the city . before we left we snapped one more shot of this amazing temple .
this is a picture of my trip to location . they were some great views there . the city was wide open and so many people around there . i was not afraid of heights at least ! the views were so amazing , i ca n't wait to go back next year .
i just started working for a new company . sometimes i feel like i do nothing but attend meetings . yesterday 's meeting was followed by a post-meeting , meeting . i do have to admit that i am learning a lot during these get-togethers . but still , i hope that i can start doing some real work in a matter of weeks .
here we viewed the making of a giant glass decorative ball . each small triangle piece was carefully put into place . the individual triangles made larger triangles which would then be put together as a large ball-like ornament . it was high anxiety waiting for that last piece to be put into place . the final outcome was amazing ; so decorative and elegant looking .
these two sisters were wild that night . cutest couple of the night award to these two . they were talking about some dirty stuff when i walked over . [male] simpson and pukashell man ! these four did n't understand the holiday at all .
it was the wedding of a lifetime the beautiful couple had waited for this day the friends of the groom took a picture and then all the people took one together it was their special day indeed
everyone enjoyed the office christmas dinner . some people like to try and make you think they are grouchy . most people want to make sure they get a smile in a picture . they are all sated and content from the food . all christmas parties need songs !
we crossed a river on the way to the church . on the other side of the river was a gazebo . we could see the church from the gazebo area . getting closer to the church we had to go through an iron gate . we made it to the church by 10:30 .
tensions were high going into the meetings . while the politicians were able to make some agreements , they still disagreed on some things . the use of military force and its consequences had to be determined . troops were ready to be deployed , but were not sent out . eventually they were able to make amends , and the countries lived in peace together .
our church is throwing a festival . the info station i helped setup ! kids area , looks like so much fun ! posing like weridos on he staircase ! prayer circle in the worship center .
we were given a tour of the new house . the first stop was the kitchen . the kitchen has a nice setup with the range centrally located . the master bedroom was very large with nice lighting . next we saw the updated bathroom and it was huge !
we pulled up to the resort which was nestled in the beautiful mountains . we got settled and then started to explore the local caves . the stalagtites were impressive . we crept deeper and deeper into the cave . the view from deep in the cave was magical .
the red car was in the lead as it rounded the corner in the annual rally race in town . next came the white , blue and green car , throwing up clouds of dust . right after it came a blue and white car that looked very similar to the white , blue and green car . in last place was the blue and yellow subaru as they headed into the finish . the white , blue and green car actually pulled ahead of the red car right before the finish and won !
walls had to be plastered . planks nailed . they had come to help them . the people were delighted to have them . it was always good to have helping hands .
sal and i decided to take a nature hike today . we both wore hats to protect from the sun . sal had a great time taking pictures with the camera i got him for his birthday . we found this cool old tree and sal snapped a picture . this is me behind a rock relaxing a bit from the hike . we finally found our destination i thought we were going for a hike but sal surpised me with a cabin in the woods .
a young girl is graduating from high school today ! her younger brother had to be dragged out of bed to get ready this morning for the ceremony . her mother is so proud today . all of the family was here , in their typical nature . it was a great day of celebration , and a great end with cake !
i have this odd hobby . i dont know anyone else that shares it with me . i collect shells at the beach . i polish them to make all of the colors come out . i then mount them to a white foam board . i have many different kinds . i just wish someone would want to see them .
everything was already for our party . [male] is enjoying one of the dishes we prepared . all the ornaments are put up and ready for the party-goers . everyone enjoys a good meal of cake and ice cream . frankenstein enjoyed his cake and ice cream too .
the flag flying was beautiful . we got to see many famous buildings . we had a great view from where we were . we got to see a building that was a favorite by everyone . the man on the horse was spectacular .
the party started outdoors in preparation for trick or treating . the little ones had fun crafting . the older ones has a chance to socialize . everyone in the community participated . it was cool to see the community come together .
today , they decided to visit the aerospace center . they were given rides in simulators . she screamed during the entire ride . she was particular interested in the control center . he was more fascinated with the rides .
my sister gave the speech for the ceremony the black belts ha worked very hard for their achievments the on lookers were there for support the performance of their karate was entertaining their moves are really impressive .
this weekend , we honored our mayor , who was retiring . a city council member gave her a certificate . the head of our local organization gave her a plaque . later , the mayor spoke at a graduation ceremony . she was proud to had graduates their diplomas .
the gardens had all types of plants , both indoors and outdoors . there were beautiful fountains along the walkway . my favorite were the blossoming water lillies . some plants had exotic fruits growing . each plant had a sign with a short description about it .
jen took the train into the city . she walked towards the market through the city . she chose some snacks to serve at her dinner party . she waited on line for some fancy cheese . she paid for her groceries before heading back to the train station .
we decided to have a party for halloween . all my friends came over to my house . we had a lot to drink and many people showed up . we all were very chatty that night . i wound up needing some alone time later just for me .
this our first trip to an island . on the island people keep their windows open . we got to walk arond for a bit then we go tot see this old building . after that we head downtown to finish the day
a dinner table was nicely set for six for a family meal . the diners seemed to have a nice , quiet time . one of the dishes was served in a fancy china dish with a gold ring . several kinds of desserts were placed on a platter . after dinner , five family members posed for a photo .
the family got to the venue early to start decorating for the big day . the bride got ready with help from her sisters . the groom nervously waited for the big moment . there were lots of guests in attendance . the ceremony was beautiful and fun !
i will never forget the christmas family dinner last year . not even the rain could slow down the good vibes . fish , lobster and shrimp . we really went all out . our wallets are still hurting ! it was just nice to catch up with family i have n't seen in quite some time . i 'm glad my mom and my sister were able to make it out . i hope we 're able to have another family gathering soon .
starting the day off with a little gender experimentation . getting all ready for the bike parade . the bike parade is going very nicely . [male] has one dope-ass ride . `` get your damn toys off the street you stupid libs ! ''
we began our day on a platform in the lake . some of my friends decided to dive off and swim . the bridge led us to a wonderful and secluded spot . i took a picture with my wife and the spot . we also headed back and relaxed a bit before the sun went down .
[male] was ready to present , even though he was nervous . his whole family had arrived to watch his presentation . along with people from all over the country . they seemed excited for it to begin.. and , he finally took the stage .
the sun was rising over the lake . the baby started to fuss and she woke her sister up . big sister decided she wanted to wear her favorite pink shirt . she did n't want her mom to comb her curly hair . she was disappointed that her mom would n't let her have pancakes for breakfast .
the place was gorgeous from the outside . and the interior looked very nice too . everyone finally arrived , it was pretty crowded . there were certainly a lot of smiling faces ! and people told plenty of stories and jokes , fun was had by all .
i took the kids out to play some games . they had a lot of fun with the glow sticks . there as also an air hockey table . afterward we went outside to hang out . we did some snowboarding .
today we headed out to watch a soccer game . it was a rainy day but that did n't stop us ! look at that beautiful view of the city with the clouds over it . after the soccer game we took a walk around the quaint neighborhood and came across this sleepy little cemetery . it was near by this beautiful old house that looks like it was one of the first built in the area .
at the wedding , the bride and groom had a knife that was symbolic of the groom 's family line . the bride had not expected this display , but was eager to be accepted in such an unusual way . the bride 's maid and other party guests were also treated with special items and decorations that spoke of the new union . after the wedding was over , the bridge and groom , along with all their friends and family posed for pictures . the bride was especially happy knowing that this day would mark am important moment in her life .
i just picked up the cake and brought it to the surprise party . my friend was very eager to eat some of it . i had everyone wait for the birthday person to open up the door . we were very excited . we all surprised him when he came through the door .
all set to travel the historic lighthouse path for this part of our vacation . and up the path we go . here we are at the historic lighthouse at the end of the path . this is the explanatory sign for the historic lighthouse and when it was built . here it is in all of it 's glory . it 's picture time , and part of a great vacation .
i visited a public park in location . it had a lot of art on display , such as these statues . the fountain at the center of the square was not functioning that day . the designs on the gate were exquisitely done . the steps next to the building granted a wonderful view of the park . these light posts were very ornate .
happy hour event for the ladies . here 's a picture of the newest member of the team . and here is the group leader caught in the act of putting a bite in her mouth . the serious one in the group telling a story with the `` double quotes '' motion . another team member anxiously waiting on her happy hour beer . and then there 's the team clown , already cracking jokes , holding up the peace sign .
they had started the car trip so early they kept [male] in his pajamas . after driving for two hours the sun began to rise . they had just gotten to the top of the mountain when the sun filled the valley below them . they ate breakfast at a road side park that had a display about local flowers . after breakfast they got back into the car to start driving again .
we work as volunteers to help feed the community . we help set up the kitchen . and also prepare the food . we enjoy what we do . it really helps people .
there 's no better way then enjoying a trip around town during a summer weekend . not only were the markets full with so many products but most had good quality such as the fruits . for some reason , a lot of bikers were present , even on the streets my vehicle was beaten up , but it fits the occasion !
we had a lot of fun this afternoon at the work party . they had cake . there were a lot of people taking pictures . we had a lot of fun playing games outside . afterwards we all took pictures together .
the restaurant was lit up well and served good food . there was beer as well that the couple enjoyed while looking at the nice flowers .
he was nervous ; however , he entered the stage . he began to speak and the crowd did not respond ... until , he spoke about welfare . a smile took over the crowd and the candidate ... and , he ended the day with his friends and a step up on his competitors .
we went down to the local market they had it all decorated for the festivsl they had bird nest things everywhere but we were more focused on veggies there were tons of everything
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i will return
the view from the top of the mountain was breath-taking . you could still see some rock in between the snow . mom wanted a picture of herself up top . it seemed the mountains just went on forever . the water was so blue and still .
we visited location and got to see animals along the way . there was even a deer that looked comfortable with people . the architecture is very beautiful . the organization statue presents a holy aura . lastly , we had fun where it was needed .
the three saw the most attractive balls they had ever seen . [male] decided to demonstrate his strength using the orange ball . [female] was holding the balls like she owned them , but eventually offered to share them with jen . jen refused to give the balls back . [female] was mad that jen stole the balls and attacked jen .
the family was having a good time at the dinner . the baby was happy and they went outside after they had a nice meal .
the robotics team was working on their project . they had all the parts that they needed . next they just needed to come up with a plan the team could n't agree on anything . so they decided to take a break and get coffee .
i first met the love of my life at a party . we saw a couple hit if off and through mutual friends we grew to love one another . our wedding happened less than a year later . friends told us we were going to fast ... but they welcomed our love regardless .
we had a lovely dinner at a nearby winery this weekend . their dining room is in an antique railway car from the 40 's . the wine collection was sublime . the view of the vineyard added to the enjoyment if the meal . we met other couples and had a good time chatting with them through the meal .
they picked the winners for the scholarships today . many young people were chosen for them . they had a speaker congratulate them . everyone was so proud to receive their scholarship . the families were really happy and it was great seeing them together .
[female] was the first to own the water slide of our four children . calab was next and despite our warnings he went in head first . he quickly turned himself around toward the end though to right himself . then he joined his sister for a joint ride down the slide , both pacing themselves so they did not run into one another . meeting up at the top once more with her other brother and sister .
the dj entertained that evening . he was a favorite with the crowd . there were plenty of festive drinks . the new year was welcomed with style . karaoke was popular among those that liked an audience .
we headed to the park . we went to location location . we walked along the side of the railway . we spotted an older man feeding the birds . after we posed for a quick picture .
first , we grabbed a quick bite to eat . then we walked around the market place . next we joined other spectators to watch the runners . soon , the runners passed by us . that night , we enjoyed some street performers .
we went to a mexican village the colors were very vivid on the houses there was even someone painting a house while we were there the whole town was incredibly bright the buildings date back to the 1800 's
my brother , [male] , is a dirt biker . this weekend was his first race . it was so amazing seeing him in action . this was the first time that i had ever seen him on the bike and he did an incredible job . i wish that i was as talented as he is . everyone did a good job and i 'm definitely going to come to these competitions more often .
two of my friends sent a video with funny faces to congratulate us on the wedding they could n't attend . we decided to make silly faces our wedding them . all the guests put on their funniest faces . we took a load of pictures of the wedding . it was so much fun !
today we had the biggest snow storm of the winter ! we were snowed in and could n't leave . plenty of other cars got stuck on the side of the road in the storm . the kids loved playing in the snow building a snowman . finally the roads were cleared we were able to get out !
there was an important meeting of office staff today . the receptionist worked alone in the office while the others were meeting . at one point they stepped outside to examine some helpful new technology . the reception area for visitors stood empty while the meeting progressed . after the meeting , they continued their discussions outside for some time before they finally called it a day .
[male] is an artist , but not your regular kind . he creates some amazing lawn sculptures . some have even been on display in art galleries . and a lot are on display all the time at office buildings . he even has one here in our local park .
at career day , the elementary students were treated to many different speakers from many different fields . with the teacher nearby , the guest speaker interacted with the children and taught them more about his field . after the lesson was over , the guest speaker posed for photos and even talked to the local clown . during the festivities many parents wanted to talk with the guest speaker and get more insight . towards the end of the festivities the guest speaker thanked the school for having him and said that he enjoyed his time .
they committee gathered for a discussion . afterwards , they enjoyed some sweets . they then enjoyed some entrees at the restaurant . they stepped outside for some fresh air . they posed for some photos before leaving .
a lady went to visit this seaside town . it was a very pretty and spacious town . the architecture was also very cool and unique . her favorite meal from this plate was this dessert . she clearly loves it !
officers stood at alert as the cars past by . they stood at perfect attention as the hearse stopped . a salute was given as their comrade was pulled from the back . flags blew gently in the cold air as they carried him along . the officiate shook hands with the family as he was lowered to rest .
the family riding our bikes and getting exercise . look at us go , i hope i do n't wreck . the seals were on the beach getting some sun . some of the stayed in the water . they are going back to the water where they belong .
i went for a walk yesterday . there were a lot of interesting things outside . i bought some souvenirs . there was a business lady walking inside the mall . i also bought some t-shirts and hoodies .
today we had an picnic in the park we invited the whole familuy to come out . here is uncle [male] and [female] making something . now the boys show off the birdhouses they had made once we are we strat to clean up and go home .
they visited the beautiful estate , viewing the amazing hedges surrounding the building . they loved seeing old buildings . they found the main part of the house , it was enormous and very old . the grounds were full of statues and various relics of the past . they even had a moat that flowed through the estate .
one of the best things we saw the whole trip was the seals . the seals are a playful animal . we were doing a photo shoot when we came upon them . our dog had alerted us to them . we knew something when he came running up the beach toward us .
our family loves to play dress up . it 's a great to pass the time . we have a lot of different things to try . the kids really enjoy it . we should do it again sometime .
before heading out to the race , we had a nutritious breakfast . here we are during the early stages of the race . it rained a little , and that cooled us down . you can see the puddles that the rain left in the road . after the race , we spent some fun time celebrating with the other runners . now that the race is over , we can enjoy the sights and the good food .
casie and [female] went to the mall to find boyfriends . they scoped the area out but had no luck at the mall . they went to the bar next to try their luck ! [female] was eyed by a lesbian from across the bar . [female] now drinks heavily because she can not find a boyfriend
we sat out here for his anticipating the fireworks display tonight around 9 pm they started to go off they 're where do many different colors mixed in with each other as they went off they 're was a hue of colors in the air this one had the sky the brightest by far
all gathered waiting for their graduates to graduated waiting on them to call them out comes out and gets diploma takes picture with dad and takes picture with mom
this is a picture of cans . this is a picture of a skyline . this is a picture of stone . this is a picture of a walkway . this is a picture of a restaurant .
my hobby is gardening . when i got the chance to visit the location location i just had to go . they were as beautiful in person as i 've ever seen them pictured . i walked around for hours marveling at their gardeners skills . i had such an amazing time , i can not wait to go again .
bubba and [female] decided to start a duo folk band called the twadles . the twadles performed at retirement homes , and in day care centers . sometimes bars . [female] performed songs she 'd written , and her voice was soft as silk . [female] also played a mean piano . deep soulful ballads are her specialty . last song for every performance is love is a bridge , a song bubba wrote especially for his wife , [female] .
my family set up a slip and slide this weekend . all the kids were really excited to go down . my daughter was the first one to try . she looks like shes having a great time ! my son was even brave enough to go down head first !
friends are out for a night of fun . many glasses fill the celebrants table . a lone man sits alone waiting for his friends to come back . the photographer has a shaky hand after a night of drinking . outside the pub to get some fresh air .
we had a lot of fun at the canadian rally ! grandma and grampa showed me that there were fireworks ! there was a really neat one that we could see through trees . there was a huge firework in the sky too ! grandma and grampa loved it ! they want to come back to location next year too !
all the guys at the start of a fun night getting a little dancing on after some drinks they were stuck inside doing homework we were outside enjoying the perfect spring weather things got a little weird
the old train station has been meticulously restored . the old engine is as pristine as it was when it was new . the crew puts a lot of work into keeping things in top order . the green engine looks good pulling the three red cars . no train station would be complete without it 's mascot .
i threw a birthday party for my dad last week . he was very surprised ! even the dogs were happy for him ! the children all spent a lot of time on their gifts . they turned out great .
i love to see famous buildings , although i usually ca n't remember all the names . but i can always name the location location location . i saw a building like this in location location . i 'm not sure if this is it or not , but it might be . i know i have never visited this city because the skyscraper is not familiar to me . it is lit with red and green lights . maybe it 's christmas . i 'm not sure where this is either but i believe it is new year 's eve . looks like a brand new year . happy new year ! welcome 2007 !
here we are in location . to help the families . we talk with the mayor . these are the locals . they are friendly . this is the school they get to go to right now . a couple of the local children going into the tents for school .
we met this deer while we were touring . we followed him along for a while . he actually took us to some cool places . we went inside to look at things . the deer actually stayed there like he was waiting for us !
the local fair was so much fun ! there was free face painting for the children . this boy had his face painted like a cat . lots of kids played in the moon bounce . a group of children sat in a vehicle , on display from the local car dealership .
this is our keynote speaker , [male] [male] . these are the leaders of our school taking a picture with the keynote speaker . the president of the school gives a brief introduction of the keynote speaker . [male] , is doing his best to excite the crowd during his speech . you can see the graduates excitement , as they enjoy the keynote speaker .
we went to see the location location , and our first stop was some gazelle like animal eventually we came to see the zebra , who is very majestic in his pasture when we came to the polar bear , i could n't help but see his moustache we went back to see the zebra again ; he 's my favorite animal . his mane is so cool when we left the park later on we passed the polar bear , who gave us a smile as we departed
we pulled up to the campsite . we set up our tent and started looking around . there where a large collection of jeeps . some where different colors than others . we walked along and browsed for a while .
a group of friends decided to visit the location location . they walked through the park ... and took pictures with the statues . after their walk they grabbed a bite to eat ... and sat on the grass . to remember their trip , they took one last picture before heading home .
there was many things of diplay from shirts to signed memorabilia a lot of different and interesting documents this museum showed off many great treasures it would be an honor to see these masterpieces
i went to the baseball game today . there were some great players there . one of them was injured during play . he had to go to the hospital . afterward we all went to a banquet .
grandma made it so fun for the grand kids today . she made a picnic in the park . there was plenty of toys to play with . there was even an automatic bubble maker . of course grandma seemed happy and non stressed . grandma even made an alphabet game and everyone was the winner .
the pre-opera tailgate was a success . we included lots of champagne for everyone . the wide variety of cheeses went well with the champagne . what was supposed to be just a snack , ended up being so filling that we were able to skip dinner . we had so much left that we were able to include anyone who passed by !
when i went on vacation last week i had a great time . there were many old places to see . a lot of the buildings were built a long time ago . there was so much unique furniture . i had a great time there .
after we spent our afternoon at the park we decided to walk back home . we saw a lot of interesting houses along the way . some of them were enormous . after a few minutes we were almost there . finally we arrived and we made some dinner .
the annual community holloween night , hosted by the wicked witch of the library was a raging success . whether in costume or not , kids of all ages enjoyed games and activities . ninjas were on hand to provide security . even the most devilish of the revelers had a rousing good time . everyone had such a good time , sleep came all too easy !
break out the show horses . release the hounds , no wait , that 's wrong . giddy up ? crack the whip . go horse go .
the stadium was ominous as the playoffs loomed . the team arrived to an empty stadium . unfortunately , the opposition 's coach was attempting to throw them off guard . the other team was rallying across the street from the stadium . later , during a post game interview , largenberger said , `` they got us this time , but we will meet again ! ''
shoppers arrived early for the market . there was a variety of goods sold . some carried away large bundles . every item was fresh and colorful . the spot was a favorite among produce shoppers .
[female] grew up in a poor rural community . she had big dreams though and plans to match . [female] dreamed of the day she 'd have plenty to eat . one day she planned to live in a fine , big house . so , she went to work and worked hard until she earned the things of her dreams .
a strange tradition at my college is the fireworks-lit night race . it takes place during the winter , so everyone dresses warmly . fireworks go off all during the race -- -you can see everyone here is a little distracted ! people dress up in strange costumes , to try to look like unlit fireworks . i love looking up as i run and seeing the big explosions !
i spent a lot of time playing with my friends yesterday . we all played on my new gaming system . we played a lot of songs on it . there was a lot of fun to be had . afterward we sat together to watch the news .
this is me on my way to the altar for my wedding and very excited to see my bride . there she is , the most beautiful bride i 've ever seen . i am now holding the hand of my very beautiful wife . so excited to make the vows and be and husband . with all my heart i take you as my wife and will promise to remain faithful and will love you unconditionally . amen . our first dance as husband and wife . i love you honey .
on the road trip , we took a truck and a camper . mom opened the door of the camper to peek inside . inside was a picnic table filled with food . people heard about it and started to come by . more people showed for the wonderful sight inside the camper .
[female] was surprised by the generous gift her parents gave her for her birthday . [female] was so excited to receive the camera she 'd been dreaming of ! she immediately used her tripod and timer to take a picture of her roommates but was dissatisfied with the light quality . when [female] took the camera outside and away from fluorescent light , she was amazed by the quality of her shots . capturing such subtle expressions on her subjects face , [female] 's desire to be a professional photographer was renewed .
it was a beautiful day , and the family decided to hang out by the pool . even baby [female] was excited to enjoy the sunlight . but , grandma [female] found a shady spot -- she claims she does n't like the heat . everyone had a wonderful time swimming in the pool and enjoying the day . but , [male] and [male] , who would have rather played ball than swim with us .
i went to the bar to meet my friends . they were already drinking when i got there . we had great conversation . i had a few cigarettes while i was hanging out with them . i had a great time .
i looked through the manual . there was nothing in there . not what i was looking for . just page after page . it was useless .
the three of us decided to go on a bike ride we rode for hours down all the neighborhood streets we rode down to the stream then stopped to get our photo taken after that we rode yo the beach and took a long walk
robotech toys ! you can build them into different things . this one is a space ship . or you can change it and make him a fighter . then into another space ship ... all from the same parts . different things listed on the back of the package .
what a beautiful picture of an old historic building the statues in the city had so much rich histroy the town was still and quiet the boat ride would bring many people into the city and then the parade started and the city was kicking again
birds have a very social life this bird is looking for a friend but is n't having much luck today but just as he was about to give up ... another bird flew over
the triathletes finished their swim , ready to switch to bikes . the transition went smooth for most of the athletes . once on their bikes , they prepared to take off down the road . after the bike ride , the triathletes ran and hydrated . trophies waited for the athletes at the finish line .
we were so excited to share in the wedding day with the beautiful couple . we watched as they exchanged vows to each other we then had our pictures taken outside with them we listened as his brother the best man gave a great toast and finally it ended with an epic lightsaber duel .
[male] [male] came home after two weeks in the hospital we were so happy he was all better . we were so excited we decided to throw a welcome home party for him . aunt [female] sang to [male] . uncle rob tried to get [male] to pose for a picture but he was too interested in other things that were going on in the room . like [female] 's laugh that everyone finds so annoying .
the decorations and gifts were worked on tirelessly . they turned out beautifully ! mother was touched by how thoughtful the gifts were . they then went out to eat in celebration . the food was delicious and capped an already lovely day .
[female] is so happy . today is her birthday and everyone is at her house to celebrate it ! [male] and [male] even convinced their band to show up and sing [female] 's favorite rock songs . [female] is having such a great time she decides to call over even more people . [male] and [male] just arrived only five minutes ago and they are already having a blast . at the end of the night [female] and all her friends get together and take silly birthday photos .
tonight the college friends decided to have a fun get together . this time the men were cooking good home cooked meals . there were dished filled with chicken and delicious sauces and broths with vegetables . the food was like home and inspired by what mom used to make when they were young . the boys ended the evening playing the acoustic guitar and singing .
she put on her black leather jacket for the her lecture because it matched her mood . the message was important but with everything in the back of her mind she was worried about her delivery . being there , being present in her mind just was n't happening that day . she kept wondering if her audience knew . pushing the thoughts out of her mind , she persevered .
we spent the day out at the markets and saw some amazing sculptures ! there was a sad man out and about that touched my heart . we browsed the stores and found some cute stuffed animals . as well as an adorable pig souvenir . the architecture in this area is amazing !
instead of watching in the tv we are able to watch it live . we are proud of our soldiers . love to hear the music , it was played before the game . our soldier in the field we are honored to have them . first time to watch baseball game live , it was so much action and fun . big giant screen during break time , it was fun entertaining people during the break .
many windows to watch the daily lives of all those who work so hard on the docks . the barge where i work and help deliver goods for all those people behind the windows . barges have all the living quarters we need as we travel the water ways . units to provide air and ventilation for our comfort . looking out upon our journey and protecting us from storms the shutters of our abode .
we all came out for the july 4th fireworks display . the colors were bright and vibrant . this was my friends favorite , since his favorite color is blue . this was my favorite just because of the brightness . the grand finale was spectacular . what a great show !
the barbecue cookout was lots of fun . it was at a really popular fishing spot . this truck had tons of advertisements on it . there was plenty of buns to go around . the corn barbecuing was the best part .
football games draw thousands of fans every weekend . players are greeted with enthusiasm . coaches do their best to spread team spirit . the media gather to discuss the games before they start . teams make their fans happy by providing team photos .
we made our home into a haunted house for halloween . we put a big orange sign in the front yard . we put up a big [male] meyers scarecrow in the front yard to scare everyone too . the entrance looks really creepy and scary . it was a huge set up and took over the whole slide of the house .
[female] and [male] had a traditional jewish wedding . here they are lighting the candle . after the ceremony , they posed for pictures . when they arrived at the reception , everyone was having a good time . their personal highlight of the reception was the first dance . it was indeed a special day for [female] and [male] .
we all went to the parade . they had a cool marching group to start . then came the school marching band . they had some women spinning batons afterwards and a car with some of the local businesses near the end .
the building was quite luxurious and many people came to the event . there was smoking before a sit down dinner that had a nice amount of talking .
the groom was more than ready for his big day . he started the day with a stiff drink . his best man was still working on the speech . the other men were getting dressed . they had all the basics for the day .
the party was a lot of fun for everyone invited . old friends reunited together and made new memories . [male] , who was the class clown , had become a top physiologist at a organization . [female] and [female] had not seen each other in ten years and were overjoyed to spend time together again . [male] , who was unsure of her future , had become a top fashion designer in location location location .
we decided to go for a nature walk and found this babbling brook . this old bridge was incredibly beautiful . the old gear mechanisms really put you back in time . this old shack and mill was the highlight of our day . we went back home from our favorite trail .
reina was excited to finally make the trip to location location . she had heard for years that the town was filled with gorgeous nature and beautiful architecture . little did she know , though that it was also famous for its drinks , but she soon learned as she quickly downed her delicious drink . it was a great trip .
today , i went shopping . it was a wonderful experience . i saw all my friends while i was out . i passed by a lady . it was a good day
we had a wonderful tour of the city looking at architecture . many of the buildings are adorned with art such as statues . the buildings themselves are works of art . intricate reliefs are to be seen everywhere and are magnificent . the tall artistic columns are very imposing .
a man and his dog , a friendship none other could rival . venturing through the field , they come upon some brilliantly yellow flowers . but [male] , the dog , spots something in the distance behind them . behold , yellow and purple flowers that excite [male] to no end . no excursion with one 's dog is complete without marking one 's territory on some local trees .
the family had a party that evening . the daughter loved her fruit and buns . she also loved to swing on the swing . the adults sat around talking of politics . and they enjoyed spending time with their kids .
th screenwriter is writing a new story to be made into a movie . as he finishes up , he lists the cast members and gives them credit . his friend at work agrees to preview the movie and give his thoughts and ideas . he watches the movie on the screen all the way through to the end . he gives the screenwriter some ideas on things to change so that the movie will be a success .
the seminar for self-help was a museum . the whole thing was bizarre . at least we got to see cool gadgets . some of the exhibits were really interesting . the actual seminar was a bust .
a nice couple having fun on vacation in a foreign country . an assortment of items looking in a vintage state . a happy gentleman having fun with a party toy . looking through a window you can see a beautiful figure of a golden statue . the profile of a vintage golden statue .
we kicked off our day of sightseeing very early . it was so early that city was deserted . we later found out it was a holiday . we strolled through many shops and were tempted to purchase too much . this was our wonderful meal at the end of a long day . we splurged on a foot massage back at the hotel while planning the next day of walking .
we took a bus out to the country side . there was some incredible flowers in the fields out there . as well as some great red flowers . we saw a great view of the seas side town . and took a look inside the cathedral that was nearby .
we went to the city early for the parade . the women marched the street carrying the large dragon . there were interesting masked characters walking the street . several floats passed en route . some of the floats showed royalty of the celebration .
a very special young girl her 4th birthday party today . she receives many presents from her visitors . ice cream sandwiches will take the place of a birthday cake at this party . grandpa is helping her open her presents one by one . [female] cadabby was chosen to be the theme for this occasion .
[male] loved going to the lake . he just loved the scenery . it was beautiful and romantic . he loved the beautiful trees , and the way the water in the lake flowed . he loved walking under the underpass and playing with the mistletoes that drooped from above over his head . he most of all loved going to the lake with his boyfriend [male] . [male] and [male] would spend hours at a time there . after they 'd look at all the beautiful sights to see , they 'd lay down in the grass and talk about their life together .
there was an auto race out on the dirt track in the hill country . safety ropes were set up so the drivers knew where to go . people stood in the roads ! i thought that was a little dangerous . if you stood too close you definitely got dirty ! here comes the winner !
i went to the race last week . some riders who were injured . they were not moving . the other riders had to avoid them . they were okay in the end .
i love our new house . it is so beautiful . i love everything about it . i 'm so happy we bought it . everything is great .
everyone had worked so hard over the past four years , and it was finally time to graduate and celebrate our accomplishments . it felt so good when my name was called , and i walked to the front of the stage to get my diploma . it was great to see all my friends accept their diplomas as well . i think it finally hit us that we had really done it ! everyone posed for pictures afterward . you can see the excitement on our faces . my best friends and i made sure to get some pictures together . we have been through a lot together , and even though college is over , i think we 'll be friends forever .
doll collecting is one of my favorite hobbies . there 's is no limit to how creative you can be with the doll 's outfits . i even like to dress them up for holidays . this doll is very rare and the kimono is 100 % silk . i have to be very careful because this is a porcelain doll .
the men are waiting for the football game to begin . these sisters are catching up after a few months apart . the cousins are catching up and enjoying each other . they kids are having a great time on the swing set . testing out some different playground equipment .
the flag was blowing near the dock . there was a big bridge with a building that had a statue nearby .
the whole family visited a local fair . grandpa was smiling for the photo . dad doing his best to stay cool in the shade . the kids enjoyed getting their faces painted . mother and son together .
[male] wanted to visit the jiffy mixes plant . he pulls up to the plant in excitement . this is the real jiffy plant he thought to himself . he tries to find some parking for the plant but is unable to find a spot to park . so he parks his card in in town square and walks over to the plant .
we took a trip to a historical dental museum . inside was a room set up to look like an old dentist office . it even had a statue of a person working at a table . on one of the desks we saw a very old dental reference book used by some of the first dentists . there was also a box full of some of the first dental tools that were ever used . one of the last things we saw at the museum was box full of old dentures .
one white car and one blue car . alot of people in football fields . person watching football in room . person play guitar outside home . tree at night times .
there were many people at the protest . they had many signs and flags as well . they did not like the war and made this known before leaving .
the national newspaper museum contains a great many famous articles . this includes pieces written from the start of wwii . famous writings from many historical periods make up the collection . a visitor is invited to view and read these pieces as they originally appeared . it is a worthy destination for any lover of history or newspapers .
we are on our way to the outdoor market . a great way to start the day . love the entrance with the grass and rural look . lots of vendors and produce to chose from and the street musician to listen to . mom 's on her way to the plant booth to add to her garden . and now to the food , we 'll have a great dinner tonight with all this fresh produce .
my mom can be annoying sometimes . yesterday she went around taking extreme closeups of people . dad was annoyed . my older brother was annoyed . my little brother 's annoyance is obvious .
at last it was time for paint party 2005 . [male] draw outlines of some creatures to paint on the otherwise boring wall . unicorns made an appearance among the other mythical creatures that began to grace the walls that day . even the toilet became part of the art . afterward , there was a well deserved rest for all .
i went to my friends place to visit him . he had some drinks for us . we had a great time there . we burned some of the food . afterward we played some video games on the t.v .
my brother went out to buy all the liquor for his roommate 's birthday . he came back with so much alcohol . his best friend brought beer for the beer drinkers . they nixed the no smoking in the house rule for the night . his roommate finally showed up with his girlfriend , who was in on the surprise .
i came to grandpa 's party and was surprised at what i saw . he had a blast meeting his new great grand child . they had a wonderful time together . grandpa enjoyed all his company . and we all enjoyed a great meal as well .
this is a sign of a socialist . this is a sign of the g8 summit . this is a picture of a sign . this is a picture of a protest . this is a picture of a socialist movement .
this is where i go to school . i like the building a lot because it looks nice . at this angle it looks even better . a couple of my classmates are going to graduate . this is one beautiful building .
we went to the city pretty late at night . we were surprised at the energy and activity . there were still a few empty streets we came across . we were never very far from some other late night travelers . at the end of a good walk we decided to cross the street to the bar for a cool drink .
mom and dad came for their son 's graduation . even their aunt came along . they looked at the brochure for their son 's name . they waited patiently . finally they heard their son 's name and saw him receive his diploma .
the old building had a green roof and was near a lady that sold hats . the market was not full of people but had many meats for sale . the restaurant was waiting on the people from the market to come .
my best friend finally got married and the wedding ceremony was held at a beautiful church . the decor inside was wonderful , with lit candles adorning the church . there were also flower petals which added a very romantic touch . after the ceremony was over , everybody gathered outside since it was a lovely day . at the reception , the bride and groom danced until the very late evening .
i now introduce a man who probably needs no introduction , mr. [male] sampson . mr. sampson spoke movingly to the crowd about the need for better eye care in location . he listened well to the questions during the question and answer session . he did get a bit annoyed at some of the ignorance out there about glasses . this guy especially , with his wide-eyed stare , made mr. sampson a bit peeved .
we had a lot of rehearsing to do for our graduation ceremony . we were very excited to receive our diplomas . we had studied for a long time . there were many students graduating this year . we had a great time .
we were all prepared for the big game . the players seemed to be having fun too . but once they really began , there was a change in effort . they even had a tiny guest star ! i 'm really glad i was able to get a picture with one of the players after it was over .
a group of protesters for social inequality are protesting outside . we went inside to watch an assembly . we are killing time before the main event . he 's really happy taking a break . we are still watching the assembly .
[male] and i went on our first vacation together . we went to location ! we got to see some amazing historical sights . we visited different places with our touring guide buddies . we were able to capture some beautiful pictures of the sites .
it was christina 's graduation and she was really excited ! so many different students were going to be graduating today . all the school counselors were really excited to be there . they even had a special guest speaker for all of the graduates . [female] was so happy when she finally received her diploma !
soldiers coming into a place of worship to carry on tradition . guards coming into a place of worship carrying flags as a sign of respect . a lone bag piper plays a haunting melody for the ceremony . soldiers fold the flag in the traditional way for presentation . the folded flag is presented in the traditional way to a family member .
the house is decorated with pink balloons for the girl 's birthday . family members arrive and share food as the birthday party starts . presents are brought and arranged on the table for her to open . the young girl has a sweet tooth so she receives lots of treats and snacks . the family helps her open her presents , showing them off to the camera .
each year the organization club holds a birthday celebrating the uso anniversary . the venue is always outfitted with plenty of red , white and blue decorations . a beautiful cake is also baked to celebrate . veterans and members of the armed forces will often give speeches . many people come out for the event and it reminds us of the importance of our armed forces and veterans .
the couple decided to have a nice night out . they had a great dinner at a nice restaurant . afterwards , they decided to go to a party at their friend 's house . they met up with their friend and spent some quality time together . everyone had a great time at the party ! it was a great way to end the night .
welcome to the meeting of the fun jobs inc . today we 're teaching you what our company is about . this man describes with great detail the fun in the company . he then shows a chart of all the profits we make at fun . any questions he says , i say , yes , lots .
the camera was setup ready to film . all equipment was standing nearby . the camera man checks his camera to make sure it is good to go . after analyzing the camera , the camera man begins filming . nearby another camera man shoots his camera from a different angle .
last night i saw someone break into a van . they drove off with it as i called the police . the news crew came to report on it . the whole area was lit up . a crowd of people stopped to watch .
old friends come together to attend their friends wedding . family and guest wait patiently for the ceremony to finish . the bride and groom smile for photos after the ceremony . they also talk , and laugh with family . then everyone sat down , and ate all the food prepared .
i went on vacation last year . it was a beautiful place . there were a lot of flower stores . the buildings were very old . there were a lot of other tourists there too .
flowers bloom . squirrels gather nuts for winter . flowers do n't care what squirrels do . squirrels do n't care what flowers do . flowers bloom some more .
today is the big day for this football team . they are about to play for a championship . organization organization in ten years . this is the new football stadium that was built and this is where they will be playing . this is what it looked like before the new stadium was there .
there is a mission to build something unique . a piece of art that really stands out . although it has taken time and piece by piece it seems to get harder , it still gets done . the men hold together a triangle base for each piece . careful to not drop the art , the men focus hard on the outcome . in conclusion the art piece stands tall and beautiful , proving that hard work goes a long way .
the annual victorian craft fair was hosted at the parish church of location location and organization organization again this year . vendors came from all over the state to show off their crafts . there was a large variety of pictures and decor . even mr [male] made an appearance . he brought along one of his bird toys to wow the visitors . everyone always loves him .
this couple are going to get married . they took pictures of this event . they got their license . their friend cooked them steaks . they all had a big dinner afterwards .
i visited location last year and got to stay in a hotel that was built on stilts . nearby lived a man who trained monkeys for a living . the monkeys would fight each other for their own amusement . later i would get some traditional food in small dishes . i would walk down to the river and sit and watch the sunset .
the construction scene was surprisingly clean . the workers did n't like mess , so they made sure to clean up every night . they had tables set up for them to eat lunch on , and then they got back to work constructing the new building .
a full moon hangs over the graduation ceremony . the venue is packed with friends and relatives of the graduates at the ceremony . graduates file in and prepare for their graduation ceremony . staff members await a graduate to hand him his diploma . balloons are released at the commencement of the ceremony .
the crowd growing despite the weather . a few of us tried informing the public . most reporters were to busy with other matters . the rally went on strong , as members gave rewarding speeches . later braking out in song to end the night .
the bachelor party arrived in location location and encountered some dancers . next they went to the concert . it was very loud and exciting . the performers were great singers and had some awesome guitar solos . there was a lot of crazy people at the concert including flashers .
the goal kicked the ball . it was back in play . the boys fought for it . one of them ended stealing it . he heads for the goalie .
we had a great meal today . we had all kinds of goodies . we had homemade spaghetti sauce . we also had great fried potato skins . but the very best was the homemade chili . it was a real feast .
i spent a morning on my computer planning the party . my family members showed up to help set up . it was birthday and they got me cake . my friends showed up late but ate my food . when drank a bottle of wine in celebration .
we went to the local museum yesterday . we saw all kinds of old items from the past . such as this funeral car key . and this coffin handle . we were n't quite sure how many items were in the entire museum . after the museum we decided to spend the rest of the day at the library .
lego instructions are really helpful for kids who are learning to build . the planes are a favorite- they often hold missles or have large wings . kids also like to build robots and transformers . the biggest spaceships are difficult to build but are really cool . instructions help kids build some really exciting models !
we took the ferry to the market to enjoy the scenery . at the market we first stopped by the dairy aisle . next we got so meat and poultry for dinner . afterwards we stopped by the caf for a quick bite to eat . then we took another ferry back home .
the gorilla suit looks realistic . [male] wanted to try it on . but he took the mask . and he did n't need the rest of the costume . the gorilla suit makes us crazy .
this summer , i toured a beautiful cathedral . it was really old , and very pretty on the outside . it had the most beautiful stained glass windows that i have ever seen . there were many rows of stained-wood pews . other people were touring as well .
this little doll was feeling very sad . this little doll was feeling like she cant go on anymore . this doll was very evil and putting spells on the other dolls . this doll was very happy with life . this doll was about to whip someone with her cane .
today me and [male] went on an adventure . we come across this tent , with tables set up outside of it , instantly our interests are peeked . we step inside and ca n't believe our eyes , wall to wall kegs . we met [male] , who introduced us to many different beers . i 'm not sure if beer taste testing has the same rules as wine , but i can assure you we were not spitting out these delicious drinks !
a man was preparing the zoo for us . once everything was ready , we saw a polar bear . we also saw an oddly colored polar bear . we were scared , and seeing an owl did not calm us . we decided to leave but our path was blocked by a zebra .
it is a picture of roof tops . the ground and fence is covered in snow . the street is covered in snow . a man is shoveling snow . people walking in the snow .
today is my graduation day , i 've been waiting forever for this day . i 'm up next to receive my diploma , hope i do n't trip up the stairs . graduation is finally over , now it 's time for smiles and celebration . everyone is very proud of me , and wants to capture this day on film . it 's time to say goodbye to this day and town , i 'm off to college in the fall !
the family were preparing for the upcoming costume party . [male] was putting his bartending license to good use to make sure the adult had some great drinks . all the invited guest were having a good time . a lot of guest really got into the spirit of the party . the family had a great time . all the planning and efforts seem to work out .
they took a lot of pictures . they took pictures as a group . the main group was the center of attention . they met up after the party . the party was a lot of fun for everyone in it .
this is where everyone met up for the fall halloween tour . our first stop was an old church . next , we got to buy our own pumpkins to carve . our last stop was the giant mansion . we did n't see a ghost , but maybe next time . after the tour , we went out for coffee .
the wedding guests listening to the vows . bride and groom exchanging rings . the bride putting the ring int he grooms finer . bride and groom first kiss as married couples . the pastor presenting them as husband and wife for the first time .
my sister had a baby the whole family came over to meet him my father is a grandfather for the first time and my grandparents are great grandparents now daddy loves his child
i ca n't wait to be married to the love of my life . we are tired , but everything will be worth it in the end . the wedding vows are finally being said and i could n't be more happy . now all that 's left is to enjoy our reception and attend to our family and friends . thankfully are reception went off without a hitch and all had a good time .
what better costume party than a voodoo-themed one ? the lighting and the haziness were perfect . there was a terrific creepy factor at this party . the designs were perfectly placed and well done . and , of course , everyone could n't help but to have a good time .
the guest lecturer started by introducing himself . he talked about his days at the university . he told them all about how he started his company and what he thought the key to his success was . he used the overhead projector to help emphasize points . when he was done , the professor thanked him for coming .
there was a massive snowstorm where i live yesterday . the snow was so deep you could barely walk in it . i took my children out to play for a while . we went sledding and had a blast going down hills . after a long day of playing in the snow it was time to bring the kids inside to warm up .
it 's was eric 's birthday and everybody at the office bought presents to surprise him with . one coworker even baked cupcakes . the group of friends socialized in the meeting room . [male] thanked his friends for throwing such a great party . everybody was laughing and having a good time .
[female] looks inside a peephole . she sees a party going on so she wanders inside . it has all of her favorite characters ! so she starts to dance and play with them . she eventually tires and they all wave goodbye to her .
weapons of mass destruction were being stored in boxes . one combat weapon was carelessly left out of storage . one army personnel tries to hide their excess of weapons . their commander explains to the public their innocence . the organization presents a warrant to search the boxes anyway .
we had a blue crab boil . everybody got to talk with each other while cracking open crabs . mom got to see our baby too . the dog tried to steal some crab to eat . we had dozens of blue crab to eat .
the family got together for a day out . they went to a fun museum . there were lots of interesting exhibits that everyone enjoyed . they had a good time spending the day together . everyone was worn out by the end of the day !
while on vacation , we went to the jungle . in the woods there were some many sights to see . we even saw a monkey there . my friends climbed all over the trees . looking out across the expanse was beautiful .
i woke up to the sound of helicopters after a night of binge drinking . there was a party going on around me . everyone wanted to meet me . even the mayor 's wife showed up to shake my hand . someone gave me a flag which was weird .
the family decided to have some lunch before beginning their fun for the day . the young daughter especially enjoyed her breakfast . the family then went out to enjoy the reenactments of the colonial days . the children had an especially good time with a particular gentleman . afterwards they all went out for a hike and enjoyed the nature around them .
[female] always throws the best parties . this is the glass she always uses at her parties . this year 's theme was a toga party . she picked a colorful toga . as usual , the crazy party antics ensued .
after getting off the train , we stopped to do some window shopping . here 's a picture of my best girlfriend on her phone . she ca n't live without it . and i love escalators , ever since i was a little kid . here we are at the club , having a great time . and here 's a group picture with the dj who we became fast friends with .
so we went to our local pub for a new years bash . [male] our favorite bartender was there for the night giving us great discounts . as well as nate and [male] two local djs . though it was raining out it didnt kill the mood . the party inside was plenty wild .
the halloween decorations were pretty big and frightening . a big dinner for holiday was about to be ready . they cared and set decorations in front of the house . one of big pumpkin fell down . they needed to put decoration in order again .
we had a great time at the wedding last weekend . there were a lot of people there . they chose a beautiful cliff location for the ceremony . the couple was very happy to finally be married . afterward the cut and served the beautiful wedding cake .
all of our friends gathered at the local bar for some fun times . [male] decided to light up a cigarette . [male] became distracted at the basketball game on television . [female] became so drunk that she missed her mouth while eating cake . after wiping off her face from her cake eating mishap , [female] decided to have a smoke .
[male] was nervous to before performing on stage . during his performance , he mostly looked down at his guitar . one fan , [male] , watches intently . after the show , [male] and [male] have a drink together . they decide to go out on the balcony and smoke .
the drought had gripped the entire nation . once fertile fields were bare . quickly made head stones dominated the landscape . cemeteries seemed to spring up everywhere . death came closely after drought .
my daughter [female] here is getting walked down the aisle by her father . [female] looks so beautiful . after the ceremony she raises her flowers in victory and celebration . some of [female] and [male] 's guests included dress from [male] 's homeland . it was awesome to learn more about his culture . here at the reception all were honored by having their picture taken . everyone looked so happy to be celebrating together . we even had a dance that derived from [male] 's homeland . it was fun watching everyone try to match steps . what a fantastic time we had .
mexican wrestling shows are always an entertaining event to attend . the wrestlers come out to the ring in exciting and entertaining costumes . they also each have an entertaining persona . the match is exciting , with lots of high flying acrobatics . and there 's also plenty of eye candy for the men in the crowd .
the seminar was held that afternoon . the children had many hands on opportunities . their were experts there to talk to them . they learned a great amount from being there . they thought there were many cool things .
the diner was a popular spot for locals and tourists . a cup of coffee was a favorite item among customers . the wait staff was friendly . the seating was cozy but roomy . the exterior was as unique as the menu .
my family threw me a surprise party this weekend . i got to be a king and i was in charge of blowing out all the candles in the house . here i am looking cool with my king 's hate on . my mother and father also enjoyed the day with me . here is my pet chicken [male] he made a guest appearance at my birthday .
we all went round to out friends house for a party . she was opening presents and really liked them ! she had n't had chalk since she was a little kid ! her other friends were having a quiet drink while she opened her presents . but she was n't too happy about something her kid brother said to her and it spoiled her mood .
everyone was very excited at the graduation ceremony . there were a lot of military members present . there was a thesis statement as well . all of the staff were very proud . i had a great time there .
we went to visit my friend last week . he loves halloween . he always makes the craziest jack-o-lanterns . he really enjoys it . he takes extra time to put up great decorations . all of the kids love going to his house .
the protestors gathered in front of the whitehouse with their billboards . they wanted obama to notice them and listen to their story . a few of the organizers gave impromptu speeches . they even brought a casket to illustrate the deaths from aids . many widows were present to ask the president to do something about the aids epidemic .
watching the st [male] 's day parade . we watched some cloggers perform . a young man played the bagpipes . some people wore colorful masks . a local band wearing black and red performed in the parade .
for 2015 there was a nice family gathering . young and old enjoyed the night . at the grown up table they ate and drank well with good conversation too . the cocktails seemed delightful . there was a mom , dad , and little baby who especially enjoyed themselves . then the night ended with party favors and smiles .
he laughed when she started to make the bed , telling her thats what the maids were for . besides , they had to hurry to get a good view . the were going to watch old faithful . hot steam , propelled right out of the earth . higher and higher it gushed .
it was raining when we headed out to the game . we saw some of the performers when we got to the stadium . it was easy to get a drink before taking our seats . we could get snacks and drinks from the people in the stands , too . we had a really great view of the game !
great food and great conversation , there is nothing like getting together with friends and family . uncle [male] topping off his glass . he loves a good drink . dad and uncle [male] they are always together . mom and cousin [female] . mom always know were to find the food . the perfect way to end the vacation with a table set up for all friends and family before departure .
testing a new video game design . we 're making them meet in the park to watch different work videos . i think they are getting bored . if we ca n't their attention then the game fails . there we go , a band is playing to keep them entertained . this is a great band . they are enjoying the music .
the famous site was a learning opportunity . the inside of the structure provided a p ! ace for rest . the exterior was an example of historic building plans . the grounds contained flowers and other free plants . she took pictures to remember the event .
i love exploring buildings by myself . once you 've taken in the outside you get the chance to explore the interior spaces . and sometimes you are just overwhelmed by how much time it must have taken to build such structures a long time ago . but you understand the drive to build them in such beautiful locations . and how the spaces just call for meditation .
there is a party going on under this tent . food and drinks are being offered to the people . games of cricket are getting ready to be played . a man with shades on is up to hit as we speak . everyone is patiently waiting their turn .
i reupholstered our old sofa . i picked this beautiful rustic design . this reminds me of a bridge where i grew up . and this looks like a well at grammy 's house . our dog does n't even notice the new upholstery .
i went to a local farmers market today . i saw many things like bread and bakery . they even sold pumpkins . there were also old potatoes being sold . we ended up buying lots of vegetables .
here at a location location meeting . they are showing the new clothing line for 2015 . the jackets remind me of robocop . pretty nice too . here is a lighter jacket and tee shirt combination that is really nice . here are a couple of the designers , give them props for great work . everyone will be wearing these to the matches .
they took an evening stroll to visit the downtown area of the irish city the beautiful windows and buildings afforded them a lovely scene . they stopped at the caf and had a cup of coffee.. and , then went to the bookstore for some old irish books.. and , finished the day at the local karaoke bar..
getting ready to dive from the pier . a dive into the cold lake . swimming about on the raft . two friends enjoy the refreshing lake . noodles at the ready for a fun fight .
the party we went to was a lot of fun . it was rainy outside but we were very dry inside . i met a lot of new and interesting people there . afterward we got together to exchange contact information . once night started to fall people started leaving .
christmas is near and these guys want to put lights on the tree . this is the tree they want to put lights on . the firefighters came out to help . the guy is helping with the lights . this guy climb to the end of ladder to finish putting up the lights . now the community would enjoy a brighter city for the holidays .
the local leader was on stage to give a speech again tonight . he addressed all the issues at hand to the crowd . they even provided him with many exotic foods . there was a mini party going on in the area . after the speech , the leader was then on a boat heading back home .
i packed my things for work today i also made sure to pack lunch . i brought my laptop with me . never know when you might need it . i put it in the bag .
the kids were having track that day little lucas needed some water the kids were giving it all the had and helping each other along the way the mothers couldnt be more proud
everyone got together for mother 's day . three generations sat at the table for a big lunch . then it was time for a delicious cake . after that they gave each other mother 's day cards . finally the cat got some attention to during the visit .
looking at the koala bear at the zoo . pink flamingos parade at the zoo . getting up close to a giraffe . pretty blue bird at the zoo . a peacock struts their stuff .
on out trip we stopped to see the local stores . navigating was rough because we did n't understand the language . we headed to the river to admire the view . there were plenty of boats available for rent . we bought gifts for those back at home .
today was the day [male] would be come a super hero but he needed a costume , so he looked online for some help . he knew he needed a mask , she would start there . he added some night vision to the mask in hopes to catch the bad guys at night . there , finally finished . now what to call myself ? hmmm i got it. `` father feather '' awesome .
it was difficult to see . almost a white out . the small natural lake had frozen . creatures were having a hard time finding their next meal . one bird stood so still for so long he appeared frozen .
the jewish meal was started . the sides needed prepared . the meat was cooked . the tables was set . the passover ceremony can now begin .
the day began nice and relaxed , just hanging out on the couch . but that would n't last long . it was graduation day . she was thrilled to walk across that stage . the other students were as well . she and her friends could n't have been any happier .
[male] decided he had to go to location location for mardi gras . when he got there he was amazed at the artwork that lined the streets . there was always a place to get a ice cold organization organization . everywhere [male] went there was someone playing some kind of music . location location is the place to be for organization organization according to [male] .
the crowd arrived to watch the baseball game . everyone was excited to watch the game . some of the people had to sit in the back of the crowd . the person at bat was able to hit the baseball . the out fielder caught the pop fly .
the jones children always act silly . even when they are hurt , they love to clown around . it makes for a very happy family . and a vey silly family , sometimes too . happy kids equal a happy life .
grandpa has been doing art for the last 50 years . he loves to make huge pieces out of wood . he has been working on several fish sculptures . the local bank bought one to place near their wishing pond . my favorite is on the one in his yard . it reminds me of fishing with grandpa .
i went to location location for a vacation to look at the cathedrals . this is the bed and breakfast where we stayed . the view was amazing . there was some unusual furniture in the room . we took the time to see their famous waterways .
it was a rainy day in the city , but beautiful . the subways were surprisingly quiet . which made the large crowds at the dance-off startling . the dancers were incredible though . at the end of the day , we were happy to have gone .
it was time for their big day , but where was the bride ? she finally showed up , and made it up to her now husband . what would a wedding be without the cake ? married for half an hour , and she already wants to choke him . everyone wanted to dance , even the little ones .
someone was getting very creative with graffiti in the snow . is that french ? it was everywhere on this block . funny saying about the white powder . and a cartoon character on this car . this must be the graffiti artist 's tag . it was definitely a surprise .
i went to my friend 's party last night . there was a lot of food there . we sat on the balcony and talked for hours . we were very full . we stayed there until the early morning hours .
we recently headed up to my family 's vacation house in the mountains . in our backyard there is this beautiful mountain . we often go for walks on the various trails around the house . we often see a lot of animals and all of their tracks on the trails . at the end of the trail in this beautiful bridge that goes over a frozen river .
i wanted to take some pictures of the area against the darkening sky . i was able to get out before the sunlight was completely gone and caught this picture of the church . here is one from further back . you can see this palace and it 's strobe lights with people in the court area . here is a different view looking up standing very close to the building .
[male] panetta and three others pose for the came . panetta gives a speech to the grads . the grads take their final pledge before leaving . each one shakes organization hand . they all had a great time .
my family came together for a christmas dinner.sitting around talking . my kids snacking and enjoying the company of their family . my cousins and their husbands standing around enjoying wine . kids were wondering where the presants were.come on dad open just one ? my sister and my niece sitting on the couch.the little ones are very tired .
shopping in a foreign country is always exiting . walking around the city to get a feel for where we are . the street signs are a little confusing . relaxing by the water and taking a rest . at the marina watching the boats come and go .
[male] signed up for the local marathon . he had a great start and was leading the crowd . by the time he reached the one mile mark he noticed no competition . in fact most of the runners were struggling far behind . it took them 35 minutes to even reach the one mile mark .
we watched the pied pipers march in the parade . they all walked in step with one another . this guy was my favorite . he looked like a big mug of beer . the pipers played heavenly music while marching . they marched for many blocks while they played their music .
trying a new restaurant is always scary , but i was determined to write a review for my blog , so i sat down at a table with a magazine and ordered a cappuccino . the bar was fully stocked and had several beers on tap . the ambiance was understated , and created an air of intimacy in the small space . the menu was expansive , some of the foods , like this dish drawing upon asian influences . other dishes had a decidedly mediterranean flair .
we went to the parade today , and it was a sight to behold ! everyone was joyful and bursting with energy and talent . each group stopped to give a short performance - instruments , singing , and dancing galore . we especially enjoyed the talented belly-dancers . the perfect end to the day was a delicious sponge [male] ice cream !
the school held a pep rally before the homecoming game . the dance squad 's performance included high kicks . the band also played at the pep rally . the cheerleaders were also there to motivate the crowd . the coach spoke at the pep rally and predicted that the team would win the homecoming game .
i went to the bar to meet my friends yesterday . they were all very happy to see me . everyone was enjoying themselves . afterward we all went for a walk outside . there were a lot of lights at night .
an annual display of horns . first is the cows horn . then a long horned sheep horn . rams horn . mountain goat horn . and a gazelles horn .
he was inspired by the ducks . he liked the way the sand that had washed looked . at lunch he drew a sketch . he would hang the painting in the other window like this one . once he got done , they could hang out down by the shore .
a father and daughter decided to go out bowling with some friends . the fathers bowled and had fun keeping track of each others scores . some of the guys did better than others . the youngest of the group kept getting strikes and ended up leading with the best scores of the night . the daughter was tired and wanted to go home later in the evening . it was a fun night of bowling .
the neighborhood trash pickup day started without a hitch . everyone worked their hardest to do what they could . even the mayor came out the show us his support . it was rough out in that cold , but we managed to do our best . the after party was also tons of fun .
the boys arrive at the halloween party early . they set off to enact their master plan of stealing all the punch . little do they know , [female] is way ahead of them . all at once , she shuts off all the lights and grabs her car ! these boys will be getting a ride in the trunk back to the punch police station .
it was [male] field day for the little ones . they participated in a walking race . they had games to play , like hoop toss . our littlest could n't do much , but her spirit was high ! the kids lined up behind a sign for photo ops . lastly , they were able to sit down and have a healthy snack !
the weather forecast told us that we were going to have a tornado in the evening . the tornado touched down over our neighbor 's house . we decided it was n't too dangerous to go outside and take some pictures . the rain clouds were thick all over the town . some of the roads below sea level even flooded . luckily enough no one was hurt .
i discovered this antique shop around the corner from my apartment . they had so many interesting things from the past . one of my favorites to see were the old record players they had . a photograph hanging on the wall really fit the ambiance of the place . as i walked out i noticed even more old advertisements posted on the wall .
we started our tour looking at the big office building . after that , we decided to shop for a little while in the city . once we were done shopping , we decided to tour the city at night . there was a lot of construction going on near the buildings . the construction continued throughout the night .
today is the annual scottish pride parade in the city . men line the streets wearing their kilts with great pride . beer is a fun part of the scottish pride parade . this man is leading the troop of men playing their bagpipes . it was a rainy day but everyone still enjoyed the sights and sounds of location .
everyone at the office wanted to try on the gorilla outfit . it went from one worker to the next . one worker did n't need the suit as he is as hairy as a gorilla himself . we did get our work done , though . then returned to running on our knuckles and eating bananas .
dad was int he kitchen with the kids . grandpa came to take them . she was having a healthy snack outside . he was all smiles . she loved the swing .
visited my family today for church services . this is my brother , [male] , and my aunt [female] . church was just getting over . two of my other uncles and me . had to stop by to see my cousin , han . he had to work today . jet and i went for a ride afterward .
we took the red car so that we could get around quickly . mom mom wanted to get a picture of the group before the event . i also decided to snap a picture with best friend before the event . the men were dressed very nicely . the venue was open and the event started on schedule .
we went to the organization organization organization organization sunday . there were so many beautiful lilacs , including these lovely white ones . here is an even better picture of that lovely lilac bush . the whole event was beautiful , but i tried to get some really pretty shots like this one of the pink . it was nice to spend time with my family -- look at the boys climbing the tree !
the camping trip started at night . we got to the cabin and decided to take a picture . it was the first time we had seen each other in years . some of us decided be silly and wore wigs . others decided that face painting was the way to go . as the night wore on , we snuggled together in blankets .
my grandma ahowed up for my graduation even though she dosnt get out much anymore . in fact the whole family came from all over the state . all the graduation students were pretty pumped to finally have school over . this speaker had a great motivational talk with everyone . the auditorium was packed with people to see their family graduate .
my daughter had her nails painted . we went for a walk down the beach . it was her birthday that day so we got her a big cake . she made a duck-face which made us think she was angry . in reality , she was happy .
we went to see an underground rock show . it was a lot of fun . the singer had a nice voice and the songs where smooth . she played keyboard near the end of the set . for the final song she sang and played guitar .
the family poses on the entryway for halloween pictures . the little toddler is dressed up in the halloween costume . all the little kids are dressed up in their costumes . the little kid has a lion costume on . the outside of the house with all the people or the halloween festival .
a group of people tours the zoo . first they come across a tiger . next a monkey looks at them quizzically . a giraffe runs through the field . a duck takes a bath in the water . finally as they are leaving they spot a flamingo .
today we went for a long bike ride through the park . the boy led the way and i followed behind . he was full of energy and could n't stop exploring the park . he made it to the dock and decided that was a good place to end the journey . he must have tired himself out because he fell asleep as soon as we got in the car !
our family recently got together to cook out and eat some crabs . this was the first time i ever got to hold a crab . most of us ate them outside in the backyard . some could not stand the heat and ate them inside on the deck . our cat smells something fishy and decided to see what was going on .
the man did not look pleasd as he gave a speech . the people paid attention though and were interested in what he wanted . they all took good notes .
the family all getting together to celebrate the wedding . here they are , so happy for them . they had such interesting decorations at the wedding , this candle really lit the place up . the cake was great , i almost did n't want to cut into it because it was so perfect , but i wanted cake so i ate it . i ate a lot of cake , i think everyone else did too , it was good .
it was the night of peters soccer match . his team needed just one win to be in first place . [male] got on the field and a rainbow showed up must mean good luck or something . the game was underway and [male] was playing very hard for his team . fighting for victory [male] scores 3 goals and helps his team win the game .
staring the day at the music festival . the bass player was a crowd favorite . the girls on clarinets were lovely . the saxophonist put all her heart into it . my favorite was the flutist with her enchanting melody .
the school band was ready for the parade . although they had often performed at football games , they had never marched in a parade before . most of the band members were upset they were behind the cheerleaders in the line up . but they still gave their best effort . most people in the crowd were not impressed .
before the match , the wrestlers warm up . while others look on , the challengers face one another . the match begins . a winner is decided ! the winner is awarded the prize .
we took the boat out for a ride on the lake . we all piled on for a great conversation and had a few drinks . the captain of this ship is so young , just a baby really . we went by a cabin on the lake , maybe we 'll rent that for our next vacation . every body had a great time and ca n't wait to do it again .
quite a few people came to listen to the speakers . the audience paid close attention . they seemed very absorbed in what was being said . they laughed at some things that were said . they learned a lot .
graduation , the president of the class made a speech . then the president of the school spoke . the class listened intently . the class choir sang some songs . my grandparents enjoyed the festivities .
i went to the radio show yesterday . there were a lot of people there . i had a great time . there were many employees monitoring the show . i hope i can go on the radio again soon .
an important deadline was approaching quickly , so our work group had to pull long hours to get the job done . we used our most advanced computing possible . things got a little heated after staying up so many hours . we did n't get to shower and brush our teeth , so these kept us from smelling too horribly . after hours of work , we were finally done ! i enjoyed finally being able to relax and play a video game .
they celebrating their first anniversary by going out to eat . the food was quite lovely . after dining they decided to stop by their favorite pub . but as usual he started to drink too much . he was more interested in his pals than her .
there were a lot of zombies on the road today . i did my best to avoid them . they were very close at one point . there were too many of them so i got on my bike and rode away . i rode as fast as i could .
i decided to search online for ideas . i followed the simulations on the screen . here 's the products i bought . i 'm trying to affix the screws . the finished mask !
the locals embrace their heritage many come from around the world to see the festivals there are many things to enjoy in china this was an ancient chinese symbol made of gold even the kids take part in the festivals
[male] and [female] got married today . the venue for their wedding was picturesque . after the ceremony , they headed off to their wedding reception . they opened gifts at the reception . after the reception they took for their honeymoon in location .
everyone was at the table drinking and chattering having a good time . the food served at the restaurant was very unique . here is one of the main courses that was served . definitely interesting food and we passed it along to each other . the drink was lit up on fire and looked exotic .
the beach party was crazy . we had a huge fire going . we sat around telling stories . we also brought some drinks with us . afterward we were very sleepy .
c'mon mom ! slow down . i ca n't walk that fast and i can hardly see . is he real or a statue ? jedi , may the force be with you all . supersized super hero . peace `` within '' the family !
there were a lot of people at the convention . they were all there to listen to the speaker . she had prepared a great speech . everyone had questions . she was up there for a couple of hours .
the child had morning tea while getting ready for school . he posed for some pictures before he headed off to his first day . he was n't excited to go , but he pretended to be . the kids who were n't going to school just wanted to go back to bed after these photos . he waited for the bus to take him to school , but it never came .
people were getting ready for the new year 's day arctic plunge . look how cold that water is . those people are brave . there was a large crowd of participants and spectators . here they are waiting for the whistle to dive in . in they went to the cold water .
this past saturday the boys at organization organization organization decided to have a bbq while tricking out their cars . as the burgers grilled , the boys started on the cars . stan handled the new brake installations . while [male] , [male] , and [male] worked on the engine . little deb inspects the new build as the team moved onto the next car .
today we went to go support my school 's marching band . this is a photo of them standing and getting ready . they are preparing to walk down the street for the parade . they are walking down the street with all the other floats and teams . a lot of friends and family came out to support the marching band .
today is miko 's birthday , he is turning twenty one years old . our closest family and friends have come together to spend this special day with him . mico never realized how many family members he has , as everybody poses for a picture . mico holds up his birthday cake with his cousin [male] . after the party everybody relaxes watching some television .
in the countryside , the torrential rain made travel difficult . in the city , everyone complained about the crowded streets . the fortune teller told her clients that they needed to taste the open road and get away . everyone was dissatisfied with their life but was puzzled as to how to improve it running away seamed like the only answer .
the parent teacher conference started with a dramatic reading of hamlet by one of the parents . mr. wu played the part of horatio to perfection . the children were a captive audience . i decided to read an excerpt from dr. seuss as well . the children were so well behaved that i deigned to reward them with a little treat .
i went into the city to do some shopping . when i got back i decided to take a nap . afterwards i had to mow the lawn . the lawn is very big . i watered the flowers .
we went on a tropical trip . at one point we got up close to some monkeys , and got to see some people play with them . the monkeys also enjoyed to play with each other . after watching the monkeys we had to have a light lunch . we enjoyed the rest of the day by the beach watching the sunset .
schools out for summer ! dinner with the boys to celebrate . now what are we going to do with them , we thought as we smiled for the camera . maybe they will be good ? `` smile boys '' yeah that looks more natural . but hope springs eternal !
it was good to spend time with friends before the poetry reading . i am getting ready to recite my poem . my best friend showed up to support me . people are waiting for the program to begin . the poetry reading went great !
i went down to the rally yesterday . it was right outside the courthouse . everyone was there . we were all standing up for our rights . the location location was nearby .
she had a quick drink before the show . she was on set waiting for the host . the second guest was still getting her hair done . she had already had a few drinks . her hair was being curled .
it was time for a pet turtle . this is how big they can get . ooops i almost stepped on gecky ! they were going to feed him to these animals ! i choose this turtle , i think i will call him pikachu !
during the visit , we went by the cathedral for a tour . the cathedral was very large and empty with an old style feel . big open rooms , and arches filled the cathedral . there were large stained glass windows ; one of which featured a beautiful rendering of [male] . the word 'silence ' found on the wall replicated the silence found in the large and empty building .
married couple and family gather and take a picture kids take picture with mom and dad all the family gather and take picture together bride very happy on her wedding day bride and husband get in the car and ready to start their married lifes
the wedding party gets together for a photo . the bride and groom share their first dance together . the bride and groom cut their wedding cake together . the bride and groom pose for a lovely photo . the women of the wedding party huddle together for a photo .
[male] arrived with the salmon and steaks . he got right to work on grilling everything just right . the kids sat in the driveway slurping icees and playing games . [female] decide to be a little frisky for the camera . [male] seemed to have gotten into the ice cream , a fact which he solemnly denied .
i have a sister named [female] . i recently went to visit her . [female] was graduating from college . her graduating class was quite large . she made many friends there and was sad to say goodbye .
the three sisters gathered to celebrate thanksgiving . their mom made a lot of good food for dinner . she even made tons of mashed potatoes and spaghetti sauce . the plate of pulled pork is always a crowd pleaser . black eyed peas are delicious as well .
the organization decided to have a pirate themed wedding . they rented out a authentic pirate ship and everything . after 2 years of being engaged , they mr johnsons sister decided to dress as a bartender . the best man dressed up as mr. johnson 's right hand man , a fitting comparison !
the kids were all lined up and waiting patiently . they were excited it was finally time to start . they were so happy to receive their certificates . this little boy was very proud of his accomplishment . after the awards ceremony , it was time to play outside !
the halloween party had finally started with people dressed as witches and [male] . some took a more exotic approach dressing like [male] or egyptians from ancient times . coupled dressed in themed costumes , like this one with frankestein 's doctor and his bride . others took advantage to dress up because there is n't another chance to get away with dressing like princesses or marylin . all who attended had a great time together , wearing whatever it was that pleased them within reason .
the old cards from player cigarettes are worth lots of money there days they featured stuff like hot air balloons some of them are worth up to $ 15,000 they portrait a different era indians and tobacco go hand and hand
every year when we go to the fair , i always love seeing all the face painting . the adults are n't afraid to look a little silly . and the kids like to go all-out by getting their whole face covered in paint . this year there was also a glass artist . and he was n't afraid to be a little silly , too , because here he is with a clown .
it was a perfect day for face painting ! we started off with ladybugs on some of the girls . then we moved on to whiskers and eyebrows on some of the boys . while the kids waited , they tried out our great bouncy castle . it was fun for everyone , and everyone was involved !
the day of the education conference had arrived and as soon as the doors open people began to mill into seats . many conference goers waited patiently for the first round of speakers to take the stand . each speaker was given a certain amount of time to go over the specifics of what they were trying to say . the audience members listened closely as they took down notes or nodded in agreement . other attendees preferred to take notes the old fashioned way ; with a pen and a notebook .
this is a photo of a couple . this is a picture of a girl . this is a picture of friends . this is a picture of friends having fun . this is a picture of friends drinking .
the military is proud to hold its graduation and many old important people spoke . the graduates were proud as they pledged their loyalty to their country . the speakers also shared in the graduates joy as they came across the stage for their diploma . everyone on stage clapped for the graduates and their bright futures . the graduates ended the ceremony by throwing their caps into the air . it was very memorable .
we go to the town fair . there was a lot of food and we saw everyone we knew . they had awesome souvenirs for sale . then they put on a show . we all had a blast , it was time to go
[female] started the martial arts event with a speech . the students stood shoulder to shoulder . the audience was waiting for a great demonstration . the martial arts students showed off their skills . at the end of the day , the students were quite tired .
the view of the water at the wedding was incredible . there were stuffed animals sitting on the children 's seats . the ceremony itself was beautiful to watch . the bride and groom looked so happy at the reception . they beamed with pride as they cut the cake together .
there once was an artist who loved to work with food to create surrealist art . his work was admired by all of his peers , and one day his good friend encouraged him to open a gallery . so the artist got all of his best work , of which his favorite was death by dairy product . his second favorite piece was also on display showing the effects of overcooking . on the night of the gallery opening it seems that the crowd favorite ; however , seemed to be the video piece on food consumption .
its halloween and the couple dressed up . the friends are enjoying each other company . they are so serious . these guys are really enjoying their self . these friends costumes are interesting . it was very good night for all these friends .
the turkey was served for the whole family to enjoy . they devoured it like animals . next came dessert , which everyone enjoyed . after dinner it was time for a boring game of scrabble . the night ended with a dispute over a strange word in the boring scrabble game .
last week i met all of my friends and we decided to go for a walk . some were very well dressed for the day . one of my friends decided to be the leader of the walk . off we go ! after about five minutes we had to stop because our feet hurt .
the day began with a modicum of excitement . mother walked the kids to school on the rainy day . the children and parents funneled into the school . as the children went into class , mother and daughter said goodbye and took a final photo . after that , it was time to do it all again with little roe !
i finally finished preparing all of the food for the party . it looked delicious . everyone was very hungry . they ate all of the food and there was no leftovers . afterward we spent some time chatting before everyone left .
finally graduating college after four long years of studying . family and friend on my graduation day , i have many supporters . amazing men it was an honor and inspiration seeing them on our graduation . our guest speaker the highest paid anchor in organization . receiving my diploma it was an honor and unforgettable one .
is this vacation house , not the cutest little thing . the wetlands may be full of bugs , but i love the sounds of the frogs . the water was very rough out there . this boat looks like its about to topple . the marina was full on since the storm was coming . the flags were ferociously blowing .
granny [female] read her book for hours . the graduation party was just getting started . my son graduated the next day . the faculty were all proud of my son . the parents could not wait to celebrate with their graduate children .
the whole family came out for grandma 's birthday grandma 's eldest daughter traveled from afar to be there . the grandkids were there with their mom too . even the next-door neighbors showed up to celebrate grandma . many generations gathered and had a good time .
at the pub and about to start drinking . the tray of shots are ready to be drank . taking the first shot of the night . cleansing the palate after the first shot . everything is much funnier after a few shots .
i visited the tundra . i saw many animals , surprisingly . it was extremely cold . every trace of water was frozen . it was a good learning experience , but it was so cold that i do n't think i 'm going to come back .
welcome . welcome to my home . tonight , we will have treats , or possibly tricks . he may do an evil magic illusion . she might give you a special apple . beware , little one .
running a marathon . her fans cheering for her . three more miles to go . crossing the finish line . eating a celebratory meal .
the neighborhood planned a potluck meal at the local park . kids were also invited , and many brought toys . the kids loved the wide open spaces , and they were allowed to run around and play . lots of food and beverages were brought to the outing . and , the kids had a blast playing with lots of toys .
i was frightened by the little doll even though i knew she was n't real . another doll flailed on the chair looking drunk . a leather-clad platinum blonde lectured the pumpkins . serene in a kimono , a placid doll rested on a fainting couch . this one was the most lovely , all in earth tones .
he worried about his receding hairline . he thought he looked like a scarecrow . often he would duck inside buildings , or hide behind trees . he was just so wrong for worrying about his hairline . he is a super cute guy .
the fair had lots of people in cool costumes . they were celebrating different holidays . even dogs were in on the fun . some people wore silly outfits . some people took it more seriously .
they decided to go out to see their favorite deejay . some people even dressed formally for the occasion . there were even people in masks and heavy make up . the place was decorated with lights . they had a great night out .
they were going to have a presentation the group decided what to put on this guy was looking really bored but these two found humor in it it was a great night
we decided to take a trip to see the location location . we took a barge trip and floated along down the bank . they let us out of the barge and we got to explore a bit . here 's a pic of the two of us on the barge . we passed under a bunch of old bridges .
we are at a business seminar [male] is the speaker today.us how to [male] is getting some material ready so we can show us . [male] is talking to us about rois and how to invest . finally at the ned of the presentation , he wishes us the best .
maybe this is how you normally picture an indian wedding . or perhaps this staged shot ? or maybe this grouping that implies the guys are off by themselves . but , you are missing out on the real fun . come to an indian wedding and be ready to dance !
we crossed the bridge in the park heading for the stream . as we got closer , we could hear the water getting louder . natural rock formation provided glimpses of the area around the stream . when we got to the source of the sound , we found a waterfall . the waterfall and pool created a sort of grotto in the back wall of the rock .
we came out to celebrate our uncle 's 1 year sobriety this afternoon . the restaurant had some gorgeous decorations . many of us had not seen each other since the intervention and caught up that day . his wife was so proud of him for reaching the achievement . then we huddled together to capture this moment that changed his life .
a close up picture of [male] receiving his diploma from the dean of the college . after getting his diploma [male] headed back to his seat , looking as if he was unsure what to do next . a close up of the lineup of students and speakers for the ceremony . shortly after looking at the list i snapped this picture of the dean giving his address to the graduated seniors . [male] standing proudly with his diploma in arm after graduation .
here is the newest organization car available for purchase . nevermind the girl in the short clothes , some people think this sells a car . here she is again , can we get to the car part now ? here is your engine , looks good to me and ready to rev . here 's a good back end and it 's will definitely sell to me .
six friends are at a bridge with the sunset in the distance . the sunset in the sky shows colors of orange , yellow and blue . there was a festival in the night with little tents and small lit lanterns . each one of the trees were decorated with colorful fluorescent lights . ended the night looking at the red tower for the year of 2011 .
our trip to the festival made us all so excited . there was an old man there who told us stories from before we were born . his son was also there , spreading joy with his strange sense of humor . all around children sat on their parents shoulders waiting for the festivities to begin . some people got tired and sat as they waited with their food .
fans watch the fireworks in the distance . many campers share a tent . friends visit from tent to tent . darkness has fallen and it 's time to rest . it 's the morning of the big game .
on the last day of the trip , everyone met at the airport to say goodbye . there were silly poses . there were sweet moments too . someone snapped a quick picture of mom . and then finally , the goodbye hugs before taking the escalator to the terminal .
[female] ca n't believe her best friend [female] is now a married woman . she also ca n't believe she took her shoes off and put on her sneakers . her feet were killing her . [female] 's grandmother and sisters are having such a good time , her uncle [male] sees a photo-op . [female] 's parents take the floor and have the 1st dance with the newlyweds as instructed from the handsome groom . [female] and her husband [male] were heating up the floor so much that uncle [male] figured he snap a quick shot . just incase they really set the floor on fire . after catching all of his nieces [female] sweet memories , uncle [male] decides to heat up the dance floor a little himself .
the girls were out side making funny faces . these girls are something else they enjoy all the fun they are having with each other . the little one enjoys dancing around with the photographer . lets go on a walk mommy . at the end of the day they see all of the interesting thing that they have done and they can put them in a special scrapbook .
the night of the party was very exciting and when the guests began to arrive they began to share their eagerness . there was even a live band playing , some local kids who had decided to stop by and entertain the crowd . some of the kids had to call their parents against the loud noise of the music , but most did n't seem to mind . there was fun to be had all around , especially when it came to being goofy and silly . the more the night wore on , the more the crowd began to lose all inhibitions .
my name is [male] . i am a happy baby this is my grandpa alvin . we always have a good time when we get together this is my dad . my dad like sto take me to the park in the park we sit outside and watch the people and the boats in the lake i am really tired from my day in the park . my dad says i can take a nap now .
as missy visited location location , she realized there was so much to see . this included the location location , the white house , and the main reason for going ; location location . missy started with a tribute that had a message prior to entering the cemetery . missy looked up and down many rows of tombs . she was amazed at the amount of true veterans that were laid to rest here .
the area is being cautioned off for the event . people are setting up , and gathering around . there is even a place to get out of the sun . all of the news groups are there to cover everything . it was even announced in the local newspaper .
reception time ! she has her dancing shoes on . the grooms family is having a good time . the groom is having a good time , too , showing off his dance moves ! help with a dress strap was needed . a toast to the happy couple .
[female] was enthused to attend her daughter 's ballet recital . the rest of the crowd began to hush as the performance began . when we left we saw two nice men holding a sign . in our garage , [female] began to program . [male] checked her programming before he left our garage .
we started our walk near the church . we sat at the park for a little bit . afterwards , we continued down the street . we passed some great shops along the way . when we got to the middle of the city we started looking for a place to eat .
i woke up yesterday and decided to go and see the geyser . many people were there to watch . it was pretty big . when it erupted the water was very high . it was incredible .
my husband is giving a presentation at the community college today . he looks a bit nervous , but i know he can do it . the students seem very engaged in the presentation . i have even caught some students actually taking notes . as the presenation nears the end , i am confident my husband did a great job .
we went on a tour of location location we visited some of the monuments we saw the big american flag there were even some scuba divers that were going to do testing it was neat seeing them go into the location like that
lenna got ready for her first day of school . i walked with her to the school . we joined a lot of students at the entryway . lenna looked kind of scared . she enjoyed herself that day though ! next i dropped roe off for his first day of preschool . i was sad to see my baby go .
my grandpa was a great baseball player . he had a very long career in the sport . he was even injured once but it did n't stop him . his whole team came to see him in the hospital . he even made it in to the hall of fame !
i got to go to my first baseball game . we went onto the field before the game started and got picture with some of the players . the pitcher was on target . the team i was routing for won .
travel by train to the vineyard . you will enjoy luxury dining in the all new dinning car . there is also wine tasting on board . enjoy your favorite glass of chardonnay . a glimpse of beauty through through one the large windows .
meeting new people at parties is something we all love to do . people gathered in the kitchen getting drinks and chatting . my mate standing next to the christmas tree lit up with lights . torches in a row leading to the backyard . fire dancers lit their hoops and put on quite a show .
the talent show was amazing , of course they started off jamming . another great singer , taking the crowed . the talent did n't fall short today , as the singers poured their hearts out . one of my fav.. , pumping us up with a good rap . the ending could only be listed as the most emotional of all .
profesor schullz felt like he needed to give a lesson about manners . he went on to give a sermon . the students , nonplussed , asked him why he was taking away from class time . schullz did n't know how to answer the question . he stood there defeated .
a picture of the happy graduate . the brother of the graduate , he is still in school . a friend of the graduate with a picture to remember the day . friends of the graduate in the picture to remember the day . a picture of the graduation sheet cake/
they went bowling that evening . aunt [female] was very good . uncle tom was the worst . we ate pizza at the end of the night . and talked with a hippy .
these were some pics i took july 4th weekend . [male] is ready to go ! these were the ribs my husband cooks . so good . the scenery was pretty . i really loved the flowers . there 's the people going to shoot off the fireworks . they were so beautiful . i 'm so glad we went .
a bunch of friends gathered for a party . they danced barefoot in the kitchen . then they sat on the sofa and talked . afterwards they gathered on the back porch and had fun . finally , they wrestled around on the floor .
[male] showing off his tattoos to the girls . [male] sings another original ballad . the lights in the restaurant gave off a friendly glow . [female] and [male] get caught sneaking a kiss ! we were surprised to see the street had been closed .
the tall columns on the building had been made of imported stone . the trucks delivered heavy sculptures . one sculpture was so large it had to be moved with a crane . many years ago , the road was lined with c chain fence . you can see an old model t parked on the wide road that was new at the time .
the city 's buildings were unique . there were remnants of older structures on the corners . small markets sold fresh goods . the produce was especially popular . night time was filled with entertainment .
[female] was bored and restless because nothing much had happened . the parade kicked off with the fire engine 's arrival . the crowd got over excited and rushed towards the floats . security quickly intervened to prevent any incident . all the commotion grabbed [female] 's attention and she watched quietly .
me and a friend decided to go on a hike . it was a cold afternoon . the mountain was high and there were many rocks . we saw so many rocks we decided to build a tower with them . we ended up getting all the way to the top .
last night 's party was so much fun . there were a lot of beers . we all had a lot to drink . afterward everyone started playing drinking games . i 'm not sure if there was anyone able to drive .
this is the band . this is my shoes playing in with the band . i love to dance and sing . here goes the drummer doing his drummer thing . i 'm singing a song called money , love and fun i think the crowd likes me .
last year i was not feeling well and my doctor admited me into the hospital for some tests . i was diagnosed with an illness that could be managed with proper medication . i gradually got better and stronger . within a few days i was strong enough to go back to work . now i watch my diet and i exercise regularly . i 'm on my way to a full recovery .
the bride and groom looked so elegant on their wedding day . the program was professionally printed and i kept it as a memento . the fish entree at the wedding reception dinner had a tomato based sauce . i love steak , but the steak served at the wedding reception dinner was a bit too rare for me . the berries on top of the dessert torte were a perfect compliment to the vanilla layers .
today there was a food taste testing ! a featured dish was a salad made of several different kinds of greens . to compliment the salad , a chicken dish was also featured . another vegetable dish to add variation to the testing was available . for dessert : a fruit platter !
we set up the birthday banner for dad 's party . joking around , he put on his lion mask . we sang happy birthday to him and he blew out his candles . he would n't tell us his wish . after he opened up his gifts while still wearing his lion mask .
i drove into the enclosure , past the red lights on the chain link fence . there used to be old growth trees in this area . the organization organization destroyed the forests while strip mining . the company went bankrupt . the buildings were abandoned and closed off . some of the woods came back , ten years later .
the little girl was nervous riding to her first day of preschool . during the ride her nervousness turned into excitement . dad and her baby brother walked her into her school . she was happy to see the colorful board in the hallway . as soon as she got to her class she made a friend and played with a bike .
last week we had a pizza party for the class for halloween . i let all of the kids dress up for the day . everyone brought some very unique costumes . all of the children had a great time . i made sure to dress up as well .
when flowers are in bloom , it really brings out people to see them . the best part about that is that there are multiple parks and places to see them that enhance the city . even the smallest of blooms look beautiful juxtaposed against a city backdrop . flowers that take so long to bloom are most enjoyable to people because of the rarity of what they are seeing and take many tours and pictures to remember this moment . even tree will get in on the `` action '' as it were with kids and people climbing on them . this is one of the best parts of being outside and having the flowers in bloom .
it can be hard to see , but it is important to remember and learn about apartheid history . learning to juggle and sharing stories for all generations . the market has amazing arts and crafts that also highlight the culture . it is so pretty with calm quiet places like this tree-lined road . there are reminders of the pain , though , with fences like this left in place .
yesterday , i went to a wonderful tailgating party . they really went all out to set it up . they had waiters and served champagne . everyone got very dressed up . i had a wonderful time at the event .
travelling internationally can be a kick ! here we are in location for a visit we had a chance to see a lot of the statue and fountain art in the country of location . here we got to see a tall regal old building with a nice pedestal top . and then we had to check out the stadium in the country . lastly we rode in some space age seats for a wild ride ! great trip to another country !
mom , dad , and grandma all showed up for my graduation . they were so proud to see me graduate from location location university . i got some good family pics . my girlfriend and best friend showed up to support me as well . afterwards , we all went out to dinner .
i got to talk with some of the racers . this guy was awesome and we thought his hair was cool . there were people of all ages attending the event me pretending like i had won the race . had to get a picture with the sign before the day was over
the tour de location is the most popular sporting event in the world . crowds flock to the streets to wave at the riders . these folks have wisely stepped back to allow the super fast bikers to pedal their way across the finish line . suki , [female] , and [female] salute their favorite rider , speed racer . here he comes now ! whew , speed . now you can park that bike and receive the honors you have earned . winner of the [female] poster collection and khaki pants ... speed racer ! what a man .
the guys got together for drinks . they played a drinking game together at the kitchen table . [male] 's bandanna did not go unnoticed and many jokes were made about it . his response was to point out the silly hat that [male] showed up in . then of course [male] 's headband became the highlight of joking .
[male] threw a wild party for our friends . the survivalist morty came over to pray for us . the ladies all had a good time dancing . [male] does n't know how to smile for pictures . everyone partied until two a.m. the next day .
it was a day of excitement at the track . many of the kids were eager to show off and play . and parents were having fun with their kids . it was important to bond together with other students . everyone had fun together in the sun .
the company threw us a party for doing a great job on a project . our team was being recorded to show other teams what a successful team looks like . they provided drinks and cake . we had games to play . we made great memories as team members for our company .
we come together with friends and family to prepare the pumpkins . once all the pumpkins are picked by size and shape , we start to clean them out . all pumpkins placed on the table with so many different looks . we gather in the beginning and party at the end . what a harvest at halloween .
our schools gymnastic meet was this week . many people were present and had a great time . everyone showed their best moves . it was an event for the whole family , where we raised funds for the school . the event was a real success and we plan to do it again soon .
[male] and [female] were going for a hike in the woods . the flowers were in full bloom . their friend [female] was happy . they saw a lovely sunset . later they had some drinks and food .
a full view of the amusement park from across the lake . the entrance to the park had a merry-go -round and a organization wheel . the merry-go-round was all lit up a night . the organization wheel was also lit up and looked incredible . they had a great fireworks show at the end of the evening .
i found some pretty flowers in the yard . purple is my favorite color so i cut them . i thought they looked pretty in this vase . it looks good sitting on the deck . when i go in tonight i will take it and put it on my bedside table .
it 's sleep over night and the boys are going to have some fun . first , an indoor water gun fight . ok , maybe it 's time to take things down a step and watch a movie . dancing mummies ? zombies ? who cares , as long as it 's fun ! nothing beats an old fashioned `` horsey '' ride !
this was the sunset from our first morning on vacation [male] and i posing for our pictures with the lighthouse in the background this is me bike rdiing along the ocean ... ... ... ... what beautiful scenery i love this photo from vacation i took this picture of the sunset our last morning on vacation
we love costume parties and love to have them at our home because it is our favorite holiday . we get a kick out of all the different ideas our family/friends come up with for costumes and alien costumes are no exception . some come up with the most unique ideas and it does not cost a lot of money because she used a paper bowl for a hat and transformed herself into what i think is a clown . scary costumes are great and a vodoo mask is always welcome and i really liked this one . i did not even recognize my friend in this costume when i first saw him because he looked so different and scary which makes it a lot of fun .
this soldier is ion the lookout for signs of trouble . the soldiers met with local people to discuss their problems and concerns . the female soldier enjoyed meeting the little girls of the village . a brand new school was constructed for the students of the village . female guards were careful to watch over the little schoolgirls and keep them safe from attackers .
the leaf was perfectly shaped . the pink was so bright on these flowers . the white flowers had a hint of pink to them . these flowers were shaped strangely , but pretty . i never saw a flower like this .
we drove next to the train . then we found mantis . it seemed really dangerous at the park . so we hid under an umbrella . i sure hope this is n't poison ivy !
we went to a concert to see our favorite singer [male] singer . in the meantime we got to listen to some new groups too . this group was a lot of hard rock . they were good , but real loud . this next group was good and the drums were fantastic . this drummer has a lot of talent and will go a lot of places in his career . the last group was just ok , i am not into the type of music he was singing but he really stirred up the audience .
the violinist began to play as soon as the wedding ceremony started and it was also a sign for the flower girls to begin their routine . the marriage went well and my cousin could n't have found a more beautiful suit . the overall scenery was beautiful , from the different colored flowers to the beautiful lake .
cleaning the ice . about to start the game . practicing through the cones . making a shot . making the winning shot .
the recent grad is happy to pose for some photos for her family . her brother is a little upset that he still has years of schooling left before he can celebrate a day like today . her mother is very proud of her daughter graduating college . although her aunts are proud , they are also quick to put a little humor and light heartedness into the celebration . after the photos , they go into the house for more celebrating and cake !
the alcohol looked very good and a board was saying it is free for father 's day . the deals were good to honor all the father 's on that day .
he felt really good at the beginning of the night . the entranceway to the party . one of the party goers had a bit to much to drink picture of a very large party . friends at the entrance to the party .
busted surfing porn . they all laughed at him . his girl friend did n't mind though , in fact , it turned her on . she kind of liked this new friend he had brought over . in fact , she liked him more than just a little .
superbowl sunday is a day when many people have parties . friends and family gather to watch the game . it does n't matter if their favorite team is playing or not , the game is exciting for everyone . people will stay glued to the television . whether you have a large gathering or not , it can be a great time .
we are here to unravel a really cool surprise for children big and small . rain or shine , here we go . get that thing opened . it took 4 people to get it open and put together . ok , ready for the unveiling ? let 's see what this is . a huge dinosaur . this is great , the kids will love this .
in the car on the was to the first day of pre-school . she waved goodbye to our house . we arrived and walked into the school for the first time . the teacher had made a really cute bulletin board . she was nervous but jumped right in and began playing with the other kids .
for halloween , a friend of mine dressed as [female] [male] , a look she could really pull off . another friend went with the blood and guts routine as a murdered corpse . my best friend went as cruella de ville from 101 dalmatians . she had a bi-colored wig and the red gloves that are indicative of that character . we all posed for a group shot to capture the evening .
there were many cans of gasoline stored . these two men wore very interesting shirts . we decided to observe the televisions . the orange car arrived in excellent condition . together , we made the plane for the next event .
me and my dad are both ecologists and we always go on trips together . when documenting shrub growth you need a strong attention to detail . some of these trees are hundreds of years old . my dad says i am always taking it too easy . after a long day out we had to log our findings .
my son was excited to go to this first baseball game with his daddy . the two of them had such a great time together at the stadium . the best part of the day for them both was our team winning by a few homeruns ! after the game , he was able to go down on the field and play . he was tired by the end of the day , but it is a day he will remember forever .
the mom and dad are so proud of their daughter . she is going to get her diploma , what an honor ! the podium was well decorated . it was a great experience . there was so many graduates getting their diplomas today . a proud parent with his daughter , at the graduation .
the bike race is today and there are many different competitors . there is a twist : people dress up as their favorite book characters . this boy is a wereworlf . there are vampires and other creatures . dr. seuss characters are also popular choices along with superheros . there are also couples who pretend to be pirates sailing their bikes through the stormy seas .
they were experimenting with their coffee formula at the shop . first , they calibrated the machines . they then decided what flavor to make . they filtered the mixture . once it was filtered , they tasted and tested until it was just right .
halloween was a great night at the bar . they had spooky decorations up . they made fun of anyone not wearing a costume . they danced until dawn . they were exhausted and fell asleep in the car on the way home .
the race line up started in the very early morning . we git a good start . there was a large crowd already . my favorite was running by the river . i saw my friend at the finish line .
today we were going to be playing a friendly game of soccer . however , as excited as we were , it decided to rain . the skyline was not reassuring that the rain would subside either . as we started the walk home , we passed by the cemetery where our grandmother was buried . we were so glad to see our house , we were hoping not to get wet .
our beautiful daughter and her boyfriend , are king and queen . our awesome cheerleading squad . a wonderful game , we won ! cheerleaders being presented with a spirit stick . our state champion marching band awesome job guys !
taking a hike in the beautiful mountain side . loving the flow of the creek , very relaxing . my dad and husband standing by a rock . dad acting like he was going to dive in creek . beautiful generation of wonderful men with an amazing background .
kids and all joined in on the fun , all supporting location state ! we waved our flags high . many yelled in support and captured photos of the event . then , we all marched through the street with blue and orange balloons floating above . at the end of the day we all headed home .
i was surprised , to say the least , when my friends threw me a surprise party . that 's me in the middle with my pals who came from another state to attend the festivities . these guys work with me . i was so happy to see them there . you can see the colored lights in back at the club where the party was held . this guy looks as surprised as me . that 's me and my roommate . his red hair seemed to match the lively mood !
last night was a lot of fun . i hung out with a bunch of my friends at a house party . there were a lot of people there . some of them were just watching t.v . in the living room . there were also a lot of people outside on the porch . there were some other people playing around in the bedroom .
these are the back of the packages i have . some tell a story and others do n't . these are some wallpapers i like for my computer . this scene is really cool . the colors in this one really stand out on my computer .
i thought i spotted something off in the distance . as it got closer i thought it did n't look like any bird i had seen in person before . then it got close and i could see it was a dragon . we were scared so we took a huddle to make a game plan . then it occurred to me to call the vampire . he would know what to do .
our basketball team has been a lot better since we added a good center . her sister still plays for another team , so it was hard to get her to leave . having a center opens up three point shots for our best shooters . it also helps attract other good players like our new point guard . i think our team will only get better as the year goes on .
[male] and [male] met up for a crazy night on the town . first , there were some interesting food choices . and then some truly thrilling entertainment . of course , they caught some live music . at the end of the night , they relaxed and reflected over some cocktails .
i decided to take a walk in the park today since it was such a nice day . i usually walk past the graveyard when i take my walks . i decided to stop and take a look at some of the gravestones , which i have never done before . i could n't believe how old these gravestones where , they were amazing to see . this gravestone from 1863 caught my attention . his wife was so young when she passed away .
we helped ourselves to food to start the day . a christmas tree is displayed in the office . it is almost time to leave the office . later , we hose the grass to make sure it gets fed . lastly , we made gingerbread cookies for a treat .
a group photo before the halloween party she really like her bumblebee outfit everyone is dressed up for the halloween sitting on the stairs and deciding what to do later tonight she does not like his hat , but they look nice in this photo
i started a project to start growing flowers . this is the first set of flowers i grew . you can see the great petal formation here . if you look close you can see the great pigmentation . i was very happy with the result of the flower everyone liked the .
everyone from the town gathered to attend the homeowner 's association meeting . [female] did n't agree with some of the proposals raised at the meeting . [male] was just thinking about going home to eat some pizza and watch tv . the presenters made a joke about pooper scoopers . [male] looked at his wife who arrived late to the meeting .
[male] would be retiring this year and everyone decided to get him a cake at work . the cake was the most delicious part of the lunch ! everyone was really excited to wish him luck and get in line for some cake . it was great because everyone got to talk and remember the great times with their co-worker . [male] decides to wave goodbye for the final picture . everyone will miss him .
we had a party at my house today . several people showed up to help us celebrate the season . we enjoyed each others company we carved some scary looking pumpkins . i thought this costume was very unique she looked like a car that had working head lights .
people from all over the town came to the food truck festival to try what local food truck has to offer . these kids are waiting their turn to try some jalapeno sliders . there is also a booth for homemade ice cream seen at the festival . the taco truck ready to serve customers some good tasting tacos . some trucks , like this one , offer different flavors that are so appealing to your taste buds .
participating in the st. [male] 's day dash run . [male] weinhard 's st. [male] day dash running number . the race is about to start the live band is playing . the runners are running through the tunnel . and now the runners are running through the bridge .
many people gathered today to protest the war . we all stood together with our signs in peace to show our opposition . we marched down the street and held our signs . it was inspiring to see this many people band together under the same cause . at the end of the day , we all disbanded peacefully with respect knowing we had gotten our message heard .
the whole family went out to the pumpkin patch together . the brother and sister chose one pumpkin each . the sister was so happy with hers ! the brother also loved his pumpkin . the other sister was happiest of all , though , because she got four pumpkins .
there is a display of many flowers to choose from at so many different color and type . many different bowls which contain different type of vegetables such as tomatoes , pepper and other vegetables . the crowd enjoying their shopping with so many items to choose from . many tables and chairs for sitting outside and enjoy a snack . there is a man standing in front of the display section .
this saturday we had a get-together for all the people i work with . this was documented by a professional photographer . there was plenty of delicious cake and ice cream . there were also many games involving balls . this surely brought all of us closer .
the day finally arrived for us to exchange our vows and commit ourselves to each other till death do us part . we are so happy to finally be husband and wife ! i 've waited forever for this day ! we share our custom made wedding cake with each other . it was so delicious that it was all gone by the end of the night . we invited our closes friends and family to the after party to extend the celebration . we danced and partied the night away to some of our favorite songs , hand selected by the newly weds .
the boys on the soccer team hustled to get the ball away from the other team . they used their head to hit the ball in the direction they wanted . a hard heavy kick was made by the blue team . team mates jumped in anticipation at the shot . the goal keeper tries to defend the goal fro the ball .
we really had a nice time at the party , but we were all so tired . here is [male] , he was the smart one , he just dropped on the first chair and covered his face and was out like a light . [male] had to sit for a while before he could fall asleep , his ears were still ringing from all the loud noises . [male] was the only one who was n't tired and he would n't shut up so the rest could sleep . his wife [female] must be used to his talking cause she was out as fast as [male] was . they also had the best places to sleep too .
many cars parked in our driveway . the dog was excited . the kids played in the pool . we had to move some of the cars . the scenery was gorgeous .
[female] and i decided to join the neighborhood friends of trees club . on a rainy day , we went out with the club and dug holes for trees . it was a lot of work , as the holes had to be quite deep . planting our first tree was exciting ! the club took our picture , as is their tradition . whenever we see the tree we planted , we feel pretty excited !
a presentation is taking place in the convention center . there is tons of wording on the screen . the man stands next to a projector trying to show evidence of the presentation . the man wraps up his presentation . at the end he asks if anyone would like questions answered .
there were lots of people out at the event . the characters were all on the stage . these were my favorite three characters . people even biked to get to the event . here is a picture of the boy with some characters .
[male] and [female] celebrated their anniversary . the food was expensive and very good . they had their picture taken nine times that night . [male] and location had been friends since elementary school . they called themselves the organization organization and rode off into sunset .
it was graduation time for students . students and friends posed for pictures together . parents arrived at the ceremony . the parents took pictures with their graduating students . friends were full of smiles knowing that they were finished with school .
does this monkey suit make me look fat ? fun dressing up together . wearing baboon suit . do i scare you yet ? look ! i 'm hairy like a monkey ! monkeys can do creepy stuff .
my cousins arrived from all over country to celebrate grandmas birthday . grandma is 90 but still very physically active and mentally sharp . we ordered the most beautiful cake for the occasion . the governor sent her a special birthday wish . grandma is still politically active . she gave a moving thank you speech to her adoring family and friends .
halloween parties are the best ! i enjoy getting the food and drinks together while talking to my friends in the kitchen . here are some of my friends having a blast as usual . the redhead , [female] , is so funny ! best make-up went to my friend , [male] . an awesome night with a great group of friends .
my cat does not like to have pictures taken with him in it . oh no he spotted me ! that 's not good ! he turned me into the police and i was arrested next to this watch out sign ! we now all walk out of our apartment , homeless . we need to find a new home . also we ca n't have cats anymore . court order .
halloween was fast approaching . the family decided to go to the location location location . jack-o-lanterns everywhere in beautiful and scary designs . some simple some intricate . they never saw so many pumpkins !
[female] was in class that morning . the teacher wanted everyone to try hand panting . she panted her hands green first . and made a large board with the palm of her hand . the board was for her best friend .
today was my friends wedding day and my daughter was the flower girl . and i was of course one of the bridesmaids . the reception was lovely with lots of food . plus we got to get all of our kids out of dirty clothes into suits . but most importantly the bride and groom were happy with the service .
it 's a beautiful day at location location . the waters are emerald green and the sun is shining . this is the summer house we 've rented . it 's in a stunning location and we 're ready for fun . the day is hot but the water is ice cold as always . not everyone is brave enough to dive in . of course a few beers helps with the courage . the smart ones stay back and watch the foolhardy jumping into the icy water .
it 's a long hike to the hidden lagoon . the housing is very basic , in underground dugouts . we sleep in the cool , long tunnels . they all have drains to the outside . but it 's all worth it when we get to bathe in the green-blue warm water .
the winter irish parade took place in december . the rain caught the people , but they had umbrellas to cover themselves . even the family pets joined in to the festivites . people had fun tooting their horns . the parade ended with a band playing old irish jigs .
it 's great being the bookstore cat , i feel so literate ! oh yeah ? it 's way better being the liquor store cat ! i feel sooo meow lol fft who do you think you are ? i 'm catman , who the hell are you ? would you two shut up and help me knit a sweater ?
the friends decided to have an animal themed party . some of the costumes were very intricate . some were more simple . fun was had by single people and couples alike . memories were made and captured through pictures .
here are some flowers i saw on my trip to location . i made sure to buy magnets for all of my friends back home . we went on a cruise on the thames . the cruise was really fun and we got to drink champagne . i saw this sign out in front of a department store .
it was one of my last days at the military training base in the desert . the ceremony began with speeches by some of the higher-ups , about the hard workers shown before them . one man got up and expressed his gratitude for being able to serve his country . finally , the officer stood up , held up a certificate showing the completion and handed one to each private . the men cheered each other on as they received their certificate for the hard work they 've done over the past eight weeks .
we had a party and we decided to cook instead of ordering out . we had live music . he is so talented . the guys gathered around to play some cards . quick photo-op ! he 's counting his winnings from poker .
i watched the funeral of an fallen army soldier . the fallen soldier was carried with great respect and shown full honors from his fellow soldiers . bagpipes played , as the soldier was brought in . the flag was folded with great respect and reverence . the flag was then presented to surviving family memeber , before the remains were laid to rest .
happy halloween everyone.its time to celebrate . this is the front steps entrance to the house . here 's a photo of the front of the house i love this photo of the house lit up at night and here 's the completed photo during the day
the security guards made sure the streets in the town were clear for the parade to begin . veterans walked in groups based on the military force that they were apart of . as the sound of the snare drums went off , the commander general began to make it appearance . it was easy to tell that he was impressed about the special event for veterans day .
the couple decided to get up and go out for the day . they had ice cream at the fair . they went to the gift shop . they bought a [male] mouse . they had a nice dinner at the end of the night .
[female] has created an outreach program for families in need . with many sign ups she is slowly making a difference . the families have come to seek help and provide help if they can . many have come to speak on behalf of [female] 's help to the community . there is even presentations made on all the program has to offer for families .
during my trip i actually saw a huge outdoor hot bath ! we then went to the market and got some fresh produce . we walked around until dark . the streets seemed empty after dark so we went back to our room . the next day , it was time to get back on the train and go home .
the crowd seemed nice , but i did n't know anyone there . our first show was a house party for a coworker 's friend . i was nervous , and told them so . but when we started playing , all of the nerves faded away . and i could tell the crowd was lost in the music too .
halloween costumes -- even bad ones -- were required for the party . as always , people congregated around the drinks . in fact , drinking cheap beer was the main event of the night . it made everyone 's costumes seem cooler . i 'm sure i 'll feel great tomorrow morning !
going to a hockey game is fun . i like to watch them line up on the ice while the anthem plays . canadian fans go crazy when they hear `` oh , location '' and , go even crazier when their team scores . after the game , we saw people lighting balloons to celebrate the win . and , the city seemed to be celebrating too because there was a fireworks show in the distance .
the family went to a local football game . before the game , the kids played on the course . everyone had a good time chasing each other . one little kid had the ball , and made a touch down . some of the players were kind enough to take a picture with us .
he preferred taking pictures of the old buildings in grayscale . he felt that it gave more character to the pedways ... and , especially the exterior of the building . he loved the way the light glared in the background . and , he finished his shoot with the downward shot of the stairs .
the ceremony was over . the guests were all ready to dance . the parents of the bride and groom danced together . and the bride and groom danced as well . the final act of the evening was a group photo commemorate the wedding .
the hotel room was simple but very elegant not to mention comfortable as could be . they offered nice breakfasts in a very clean restaurant . everyone enjoyed their food thoroughly . it was a shame when it was time to pack up and leave .
it 's festival time in a small town in location . a local school has been picked to play music while people gather . taquin and sodu are sisters that play the clarinet . their other sister siki plays the tuba . there are a lot of fun treats to enjoy while listening to the talented orchestra .
there was an important business meeting for an up and coming technology company . the presenter used graphs to represent future productivity and profit levels . he was asked many questions by those in attendance . this group was very interested in future business goals and how it would affect them personally . the presentation concluded and final questions were taken from the attendees .
the radio caster talks with the employee in the other room . the employee is focused on his work . the other employees are busy handling phone calls and tasks . they look at pieces of paper for notes . lastly , this employee loved this figure very much .
this is what i fuel up before a big race . we started the day under cloudy conditions . soon though the sun was out . as evening fell we celebrated our race achievements . we deserved the hotdogs they provided .
the excavation crew were on a dig . they set up sifting boxes so they could sift through the dirt that was dug up . it was hard work digging all that dirt . each sifting box was painstakingly checked for items . these are some of the items that were found .
on st. [male] 's day we whipped up a batch of green eggs and ham . then we cut our ham in the shape of clovers . it was a great breakfast to honor the occasion . we then proceeded to the parade . the music was great , and the band did a great job .
josh and [male] went to the location location . there were beautiful waterways and trees . the moss hanging down caught josh 's attention . i think they have decided it is a good time to take a nap . and i think they 've found the perfect spot .
every sunday we go and help out at the veterans shelter . we prepared car packages for overseas soldiers . we even made t-shirts for the whole team . we had fun in between the seriousness . here , [male] is doing a charity run for our organization .
the concert was a lot of fun last night . the singer was very talented . he could also play the guitar very well . it was very loud because i was really close to the stage . i had a great time though .
step right up , step right up , glad to help ya . vendors were hawking their wares . it was hard to tell what some things were but people will buy strange things . pet rocks for instance . he had come up with the idea .
i went on vacation with my wife yesterday . there were a lot of things at the market . i took many pictures . i bought some statues while i was there . they were very expensive .
the moon rose to a magnificent height that morning . the plains had a morning dew on them . i realized the plants near the tree were lovely . i also realized the simplicity of the brick wall . near the end of the day , i went to relax by the water .
our little girl is in love with hand painting . here she is going crazy while painting , she gets in the wildest poses . she loves getting messy and never fights it . she made this drawing for her father and mother . and this one for her friend , shes so adorable .
this guy got up in the morning and made breakfast . he drove to school and sat through traffic . gas was pretty average that day , so he stopped and filled up his tank . he got to school and got his books for his classes . he studied throughout the day , making sure to finish his homework .
we were all so proud on our graduation day . we had a wonderful speaker who really knew how we felt and what we were about to do with our lives . the giant football stadium was full to capacity and the billboard was lit just for us graduates . my parents were so proud when i marched up to accept my diploma . graduation day is a day i will never forget !
i went to see my friend 's get married yesterday . they had been together for a long time . so they were very excited to be finally getting married . they had a beautiful cake . everyone had shown up to celebrate .
the halloween party started off with the host presenting himself as a horse . for desert there were amazing and delicious chocolate cupcakes served . there were also a modeling costume runway where one model shows her amazing makeup and attire . continuing with the party was a great shadow dance by the model . everyone had fun and enjoyed the halloween party .
here 's one of our thanksgiving turkeys . our family always gathers around to talk at thanksgiving . here is the other turkey . we gather around a huge table of great food . best of all is my uncle 's home brewed beer .
we left the hotel for out plane . the plane was really nice inside . we took off around evening . it sucked leaving that nice airport . but the flight was well worth it .
i got to the ceremony and there was already people there . they served food there . the speakers had a lot of speeches prepared . there were many of them . they talked for hours .
there was an equal rights conference at the nearby court house earlier this afternoon . some of the city 's top officials spoke and gave their opinions and thoughts on the subject . there was also a meet and greet . it was nice to actually talk to them instead of always seeing them on the local news . i 'm glad i was able to make it out . it was a very interesting and informative time . equal rights is vital to our freedom as citizens and i 'm glad a lot of our local leaders are on board in pushing for it .
[female] is turing the dirty 30 and is having a party with he friends here she is conversing with a old friend from college and one from work she decorated the tables seating placements herself . it is now time to eat . her friend from work made her the food she likes the most which is lobster [female] takes one more picture from tonight and she is happy as can be from a wonderful birthday party .
the abandoned town of location . the trees look all dead . looks like a wasteland . all the houses are deserted . finally out of the town . fresh air .
this is a panel discussion . this is a picture of a man making a speech . this is a woman making a speech . this is a group of military personnel . this is a picture of the audience .
people attended a comic-con dressed in costumes . there were all sorts of costumes , such as this toy soldier . star wars is always a popular cos-play choice . and you will find plenty of superheroes ! it was fun for everyone , including this family of hippies .
this is my house . it 's not very good . neither is this picture . but there 's my dog . he runs through this yard .
we decorated her in fine jewelry . there was a man kneeling in one room . the girls were dressed very elegantly . we hired someone to take photos . she was expecting a baby and we were taking pictures .
today was graduation , and schyler was extremely happy . however he was nervous about what the future would bring . his parents assured him that he would do well in life . that helped a little . of course when [male] the squirrel gave him life advice his whole demeanor turned happily schyler is now ready for life , after the first big chapter ending high school .
i will put the beer in this jug to pour in the hose that we will use . i am putting my middle finger up to everyone who thinks i a punk for punking out . that is really mature of you to do that . i will be first to drink down the beer . i will beat his time for drinking down his beer .
halloween was last night ! we decorated my house with vampire themed stuff . people began showing up around 6pm . the smiths across the street do n't celebrate halloween . [male] came over dressed like a skeleton .
yan 's dad brought his daughter to the pulpit as traditional in most weddings . the groomsmen and bridesmaids were at the corner excited for the big moment . [male] and yan said their vows and thus were officially married . the after wedding dinner had some beautiful decor . we met up with the lovebirds and wished them a lifetime of happiness .
the turkey is done and ready to be cut . everyone sitting and waiting on the food . getting ready to slice it up . food and drinks on the table . a glass of beer looks really great .
our monthly sales meeting was not bad this month . [male] got stuck with making name tags , but he smiled all the way through it . [male] had a bad cord on one of his monitors and spent a lot of time trying to fix that . [male] and raj just grabbed some food and watched from a safe distance . but finally everything got underway and it went off without a hitch .
for my brothers my graduation we invited all of the relatives . the entire group of people at the ceremony got together for a small talk . after the graduation my brother got a photo with my grandmother and great aunt . he even invited his best friend and girlfriend to the graduation . afterwards we went out to dinner to celebrate .
we had a party to celebrate july 4th this weekend . grandpa was in charge of the grill . the food was great and most of it was gone real fast . mom loved catching up with aunt [female] . i love hanging out with my dad .
another day , another party . i was getting sick of these things , but i would n't let anyone know . most of the other guests did n't want to come anymore , so we had to invite total strangers . i do n't know who this woman is . she smells like toenails but i have to keep smiling . i almost broke down . but my parents kept me going . please , if someone is reading this , send help . i do n't want to party anymore . i can only fake this smile for so long .
i went on vacation in location . well there i got to go on a guided tour in a wildlife bird sanctuary . i had never seen so many different types of birds . a tour guide was very knowledgeable and knew every bird we saw . it was such an amazing experience , i can not wait to go again .
the shop had interesting collectibles . it was located in an old historic building . there was colorful seating in the back . a plaque denoting the street location was present on the building . posters were popular among patronizers .
the dinner banquet is starting off with the first guest . he waits his chance to eat . another eager gets takes a piece of meat to finally eat . the man looks at one of the drinks that they will consume . the desert is all ready to eat . there are strawberries . finally , he gets a chance to partake in the meal .
[male] makes his deliveries to the local market . the shop keeper tallies the items he has delivered . [male] them adds up his earnings for the day . the shop keeper puts things in order . then they wait to open for the day and serve customers .
the group of friends arrived early in the morning to relay race . groups of participants waited in line to get checked in . next , the race finally began and the participants were off ! 5 miles later , the finish line was finally approaching . the group of friends took a picture after accomplishing their marathon !
today we decided to take a hike . we wondered into a town an saw some nice iron work . there was also an abandoned building with a freight elevator . during the hike we saw a gorgeous waterfall . we then walked across a scary rope bridge .
i could not believe we found eggos on our trip . we were able to find maple syrup too . most of the stuff was kind of hidden at the store . yes we had waffles for dinner . my brother could not wait to eat .
oh how excited am i , i won tickets to meet these racers up close ! of course , in meeting them , it would help if they were even slightly interested in meeting us . in all fairness , they need to focus on the upcoming race , driving in circles is hard core work . my bitterness faded slightly when i at least got these guys to pose for a photo . this is the final shot i took of the track before decided i 'd proceed to my seat and hope for some wrecks .
ahh a night of good food . and outdoor activities while we enjoy our visit to vegas . the weather is n't spectacular . so we go to the organization indoor field . it got crazy real fast there !
the whole family went to the stadium on thursday . the daughter was especially excited to see the baseball game . it was a good opportunity for them to spend time together and have fun . many people were there at the stadium , and everybody was just as excited as the family . as the scoreboard showed , it was a close game , which made it even more fun to watch .
he prepped himself before passing the puck the pass was good and he made a powerful shot he then was slammed against the glass in front of the opposing team the puck was now in the red teams possession he was all alone with his puck
the morning race was about to be underway . we received our bib numbers and waited for the line up . the crowds began to gather . by midnight the lines were already getting deeper . the fireworks went off to signal the start .
i just came back from the store with my new pets . i got some new chickens . they are very cute . i put them outside with the other chickens . they are my best friends .
look at the beautiful arrangement ! this is the elegant horse-drawn carriage to carry away the bride and the groom after the ceremony . the beautiful setup for the wedding reception . family pictures save the special moment to remember for a life time . the groom and the bride are so happy .
it was a great day to take a hike . they never knew where they were going next . old machinery was still in its place . what a simpler time they lived in . there was so much to see all around .
i was always a happy kid , always smiling about everything . even when i broke my arm i still had a smile on my face . i have a twin brother who i love a lot . for halloween i dressed up and collected candy . i love music because that is a big passion in my life .
my smart cat was looking for a book to read . my bad cat asked him if he wanted to get drunk . my smart cat gave my bad cat a dirty look . my bad cat gave him a disdainful look in return . my other cat often enjoys listening to them argue .
the player in white has the ball , dribbling to the hoop . as he goes up for a shot , the player in red has a quick defense . now in possession of the ball , the red team plans to make a point . the crowd cheers from the sidelines . white team has the ball again and goes up for a shot .
there was no one on the stairs there was no one in the water . the park was completely abandoned . but maybe it was all for the best , the plants thought , because now no one will step on us and the animals will be free to roam around as they please .
when i got to my friend 's apartment i went to the balcony to see the view . he was in the kitchen preparing the food . it looked delicious . everyone was very hungry . i had a great time there .
[female] was unhappy with her gift . [male] poured himself another glass of wine . [male] was also enjoying the wine . [female] loved the new gloves she received . at the end of the day [male] played with his new toy gun .
the group arrived for a volunteer conference . some of the people took time to meet with the organizer . they prepared the conference to be able to handle a large crowd . some helped direct the people where to go . when everyone arrived , they broke into groups for an exercise .
after the zombie apocalypse , ted just drives around hoping to find other people . he checks big universities in hopes of find someone left alive . it looks like he is having no better luck here . there just seems like no one is left . this is making [male] very sad . so he moves one in hopes one day he might not be so lonely .
my family and i got together for dinner . the children lit fireworks and played . the adults watched the children play . some of us just sat and talked with a couple of drinks . we took a group picture at the end .
everyone got together to celebrate halloween . the younger kids made arts and crafts . even the older kids were being creative . the best part was the candy . we all got to walked together while we trick or treated around the neighborhood . it was a very memorable day .
[male] is getting ready to have a few friends over to drink and hangout . [male] is on his way to [male] 's to see some of his old college friends . some friends have already arrived and begun drinking . once the girls arrive they take some photos posing together . by the end of it all , [male] is passed out in a recliner while everyone else has left .
the wedding reception was a blast . i never know what to wear to these kinds of things . seems like everyone was dressed up except me . it was so nice seeing my family and friends . we really got down on the dance floor . the bride really enjoyed herself and it was a beautiful day .
we paid to go on a trip to the forest . there was a swampy looking area , but right after that there were beautiful flowers . the trees were majestic . and all we could do was stare at the wonders god created .
i went to a 4th of july celebraion at the beach . the fireworks were beautiful , i enjoyed the red one here . the green ones went screeching in every direction . this multicolored one was my favorite of the night . the finale was a great ending , there was so much to look at and it was loud , which i love .
we all all dolled up for the festivities . look at the great job done with this makeup ! people are happy to show off the bright costumes . some dressed as famous movie characters . everyone is happy to be together for halloween .
the group had a few beers before it was time for dinner . then they got the fire ready for cooking food . after that they roasted hot dogs over the open fire . the group was so happy to see each other . by the end of the night , everyone had a really good time .
a founding father statue stands in front of the mountain range . a building looks out of place against the mountainside . the range is continual with rocky tops . at the bottom of the range is a sandy beach for fun seeking . hotels line the north side of the beach to lure in the tourists .
the guy was looking at the table where there were things near . there were flowers outside near the big building with all the people nearby .
it was somebody 's birthday , and they threw a party . not just any party . it was a special birthday part for the organization . a man in his army gear gave a speech , and everyone listened . it was a humbling experience .
a storm was coming to the area . many people were making precautions . the city just sat there , not knowing what was coming . first , was a blast of snow that hit the area . it looked like a lightening strike . later , the snow covered the ground . the snow made it difficult to walk through the city . many people were ready to help out their neighbors and friends after the storm hit . though it was dangerous , it was beautiful too . the snow covered ground looked calm and peaceful .
there was to be a press conference today at the security building . the guards had to make sure everything was right for the speech . they had to make sure that everything was working properly . everything was working right and it was time for the speech . the speech was given by the chairmen of the board .
it was a beautiful fall day . i decided to go for a walk to enjoy the fallen leaves . walking in the forest , the weather was beautiful . i knew once i reached the bridge over the creek it was time to turn back to go home . i enjoyed the rest of the beautiful fall day from my window .
the [male] family wanted to take a vacation in nature . they traveled to a river near mountains . they saw a waterfall coming out of the mountain and thought is was beautiful . the family hiked to location location location and decided to rest . [female] lost her favorite bracelet and they had to stop and search for it . she was so happy when they finally found it .
a church was an odd place for this particular gathering . but the horchata championships needed someplace to have their event . hundreds of entrants usually showed up . [male] wu gave out his secret recipe . [female] elderberry told the attendees about new organization horschata .
all the kids at the party dressed up in the backyard . here is the girl at the party . here is a picture of the kids at school all dressed up . the dressed up kids are dancing and having fun . outside at the dress up party , the kids are having fun .
we attended an awesome new year 's eve party . the drinks were flowing fast and furious . the two dj 's kept us dancing until the big event . finally it was time ! the place exploded in celebration . happy new year !
this odd shaped restaurant is actually modern looking to me and this is where we are going to have a great meal . this is my plate i like to try new things does n't it look awesome ? a smorgasbord of different asian cuisine looks very interesting . the icy road leaving the restaurant and it looks like a [male] [male] movie . lol ... epic view of a cold winter day .
every summer we visit thr lodge . we go bird watching . we also practice animal tracking . most of the time is spent just wondering around the grounds and adventuring we almost always ebbs the our stay with a helicopter tour !
[female] , a newlywed , is having her first 4th of july party at her new home . she laughs at [male] 's joke . [male] , her husband , waits patiently for the food to be done . [female] made an american flag cake for the occasion ! the first of the backyard fireworks . this was a smaller firework , just to start the night . later into the display , [male] lights up this firework that explodes in many small bursts . [female] loves the display .
a typical day for my son . he helps with breakfast . i let him drive because he just got his license and needs the practice . i think we 'll wait on filling up and see if the gas price goes down . the halls are a busy place before classes . the kids get a break to read during the day before heading home to do homework .
a nice business meeting was set up on a cold october day . [female] an intern for one of the leading companies was having a drink with a few associates to hand in some paperwork . during her dinner a few old friends approached her and asked if they could join . the two associates loved making new friends and welcomed the females . they had a nice dinner and ended the night with a boat ride .
the candidate met with his supporters in location . before he spoke to the crowd , he listened to what his advisors had to say . they had a lot of insights about what iowans wanted to hear from him . he listened intently . whe it was time , he addressed the crowd that had gathered for him . he convinced many in the crowd that he was the best candidate .
it 's fall and mom and dad are here to see our newest baby . here i am with my new one . here is my brother with our pride and joy . here 's my dad with one of his grand babies . dad looks happy but what about my boy ?
i had to go to the grocery store yesterday to buy some food . they had a lot of items on the shelves . i had a great time laughing with the employees . it was all very cheap . afterward i went to buy some beer .
we took cool looking train into the city . we went to a beautiful park downtown . the views from the park were breathtaking . we went to a spa to relax after the park . followed by an amazing sushi dinner to top off a great day .
i gave my two sons a long playdate with me today . they got glowsticks that they could play with while it was dark out . they sat and played air hockey by the christmas tree in our house . one of my sons sat on my back when we were sledding down a hill . they watched me snowboard for a while as well .
everyone came to the conference last week . there were many slide presentations . i waited for the event to finish . when it was time to leave i packed my things . i said goodbye and left quickly .
my family was taking a trip in another country . we decided to try the local river cruise to see the sites . it dropped us off deep in the jungle me and dad were able to get alot of good photos . we ended up back in town at the end of the day .
a night out at a local artist concert at the beach was a lot of fun . tons of people playing guitars and listening to new songs . this group was first to play , and they got the crowd wound up . they were a hit . this man did a solo and it left everyone breathless . strange but fun , this act was interesting to watch . the night ended with a great female musician who lit up the stage .
i went with my friend to the concert last week . we were both very excited . it was our first concert together . we were very impressed by all of the lights . we had a great time there .
field day at the end of the school year is always a highlight for the kids and teachers . there are great activities that get the kids moving , like relay races . the teacher run the station for the kids , such as a basketball foul shot competition . there are group activities that the kids loves to work together on , like making their way through the obstacle course . children are encouraged to try new things , and make their way through each station , like this bigfoot walk .
i went out for a hike out in the hills this morning while it was foggy . i thought the light would be great for some photography . the fog got thicker as i hiked up into the trees . i found a neat-looking banana slug making its way along some rocks , and snapped a photo later , i found another banana slug , and got an even better close-up shot . finally , i came across this neat , brightly-colored succulent . it made for another great photo !
went to see the dedication wall and it was very nice . all those flowers were beautiful . here i am up close . i was amazed at all these chair like things . beautiful waterway . i enjoyed this part of the trip . i mostly enjoyed all the wonderful handprints to celebrate the love of people .
she was drinking too much that night . she was completely unaware of the beer foam on her mouth . not wanting to embarrass her he kissed the foam off . he was always protective of her , which was one of the reasons she loved him . if only he could get her to stop smoking he thought to himself .
the atv race was a tough one . racers from all across the globe arrived and pulled off fantastic stunts . stuntman [male] was not deterred . he rode on , steady and slow without showing off . he got 2nd place but to get 2nd amongst the world 's titans is still a feat !
[male] was on the road to visit his parents . he seen this interesting casino on his way to his parents house . they lived a few hours away so he had to drive a while . while driving he took a picture of this beautiful little river . he arrives at his parents store in his old hometown to greet them .
last week i made so much food for the party i was n't sure if everyone was going to be able to finish it . i thought i might have made too much . i was cooking all day . eventually i had to save some of them as leftovers . but everyone finished all of the dessert .
it was halloween night , and the family decided to trick-or-treat together . their first stop was a graveyard in their neighbor 's lawn . having made it through safely , they were greeted with an attacked pumpkin on the porch . not to be outdone , the next neighbor had an exaggerated face on her pumpkin - more odd than scary . the last house featured a ghoul enjoying some tombstones . the children were ready to return home . the other relatives at home greeted the team as they returned from their scary visits .
was it foggy outside or was it smoke from the inside ? being an old hippie sometimes had its disadvantages . seeing the world through a haze and fringe was n't everything she had thought it might be . they lived on the road . her home was the highway and she longed for stability .
the boardwalk to the beach is well built and beautifully surrounded by grass . the grass is tall and gives the ocean a wonderful look . the sky is clear with wispy white clouds . a brother and sister pose for a picture together . this trip to location location in 2012 will always be remembered .
before anything would happen on this valentine 's day , we had to work on our assignments . most of us had their bears and stuffed pets nearby and could n't wait to eschange them . he is going to be very popular with the girls with his pink and red teddy bear . this was my favorite one since it was the only baby kangaroo pet . the look on her face meant she appreciated the teddy bear she received as much as the boy that gave it to her .
today we took my nephews to get their bikes fixed . afterward we took a truck ride to a local brewery . we had to go through the woods . we saw many creatures along the way . they beer was so good . it was worth the journey . we drank too many , but it was ok. we were n't driving .
a father and daughter took a picture together in front of a monument while on their family vacation . the two of them continued to take pictures together in front of other historical sites . after they had finished taking pictures , the family went to the park for a picnic and lunch . then they walked around the location monument area . some of the family members were tired from the sight-seeing and so they rested on the park benches for a while .
i took the family to a baseball game and we saw this awesome car before the game , that you had a chance to win in a raffle . we were lucky enough to get to the game early and our seats were amazing . of course we had to get a family selfie during the game . the scoreboard was so huge , i had to get a photo of it . the girls loved being so close to the field that they could reach out and touch the ground if they wanted to .
getting the restaurant ready for customers to come in . this is one of our best sellers . you really do n't get no food with this serving . the beef is amazing and you get more of it . dessert anyone ? look how small they are .
the market is getting ready to open . people are starting to arrive to sell their wares . this man is excited to sell his beautiful melons . he sells right next to a guy who sells chickens . there are delicious smells all through the market thanks to this man 's cooked food .
penelope had the cutest smile when i took her photo . the girls looked so lovely in their dresses . the cake did n't cost much but it tasted great . franky had a little suit that really suited him . yessenia made a funny face when she held the flowers .
today i went with my oldest on a class trip to a restored telegraph office . the sitting area in the back of the building was tiny but beautifully furnished with everything one could need . the faithfully restored office was in the front part of the small wooden building and featured a counter with real telegraph equipment from the 1800s . the bed meant for two people but no bigger than a twin bed of today was covered with a hand made red , white and blue quilt . posters around the building gave us a detailed history of the sight . the outside of the telegraph office featured wanted posters and whitewashed weathered boards , a gas street lamp was the perfect finishing touch .
we got the family together for a nice relaxing day , just to catch up on each others lives . i helped mom organize her kitchen , it was such a mess , but i had fun spending time with mom . we made some cocktails to drink . something mild but i knew mom would enjoy it . we had a lot of fun , we also took a lot of pictures to remember this blissful day . we caught [male] sleeping ! he could n't handle all the amazing food we had eaten .
we were in location location for our friends wedding day . we stopped at a coffee shop for a quick drink before we headed to the wedding . the bride and groom looked absolutely beautiful as they read their vows . the newly wed couple cut the cake and served it to everyone . we had a great time at the wedding ! everyone was happy that everything went great .
today is the day she is attending her first wedding . mom and dad are coming too . she looks around at all the people and how nice they look . she thinks that the bride and groom are very lovely . her favorite part will be getting a piece of the cake .
ca n't believe the roommate i got stuck with here . not getting along all that well let 's start over and see the sights stop showing your butt it 's not polite time to get to sleep long day tomorrow
we spent the fourth of july with the whole family . we were getting ready and we even dressed up the baby . we attended a local parade . there were many trucks and floats that passed by . they even threw buckets of water on people for fun .
traffic was blocked off today when i tried to go home from work . it was at the tsunami evacuation area . i did n't see an accident anywhere but i did see blood on the side of this building . blood was across the street as well . it was speckled all over . a woman was talking to the news . she was crying talking about a woman that got run over . i was horrified .
my wife was so happy to bring our daughter . there were other people there to watch the performance . the men were protesting outside . behind the scenes were clever students . there was a team of students who created the performance .
a birthday party for a little girl . gifts friends and family brought to the celebration . two cakes that were made for the birthday party . the birthday girl enjoying her present . the invitation that was sent out inviting everyone to the party .
here is [male] who is the host of the party . his kids are in the background playing with each other . his wife and sister is visible on the patio talking to each other . that is his brother [male] who is playing with his own son . [male] goes back inside with everyone as it gets dark .
everyone was really excited for the wedding today . they were all dressed so nice . we had the entire event catered . all of the family members were there . the new couple had a lovely time .
after finishing up his laundry he had other chores . he finished his household work and took a walk down the street . he crossed the intersection . he was craving a cigarette but the smoke shop was closed . at last he made it to the convenience store to by a cold drink and a pack of cigarettes .
some friends got together for a house party . they cooked together in the kitchen . when they had finished cooking , they ate and talked in the living room . after dinner there was dancing and games . when the party was over , everyone helped do the dishes and clean up .
a dj gets ready to perform . he poses with his friend . they look for a place to sit . they then proceed to dance and party . a woman sings .
little man was off to start kindergarten , this time came so fast . dad called in late to be able to be there for his first day . little man was happy to be starting this new adventure . i was happy to be there for his first day as well , this was nerve wrecking for me more than him . but i know he is going to do well , we are so proud .
a friend sent me a video on how to make a halloween mask . he had a picture slideshow and actual video footage . one of the pictures displayed all the materials needed to make a mask . the video portion showed step by step how to assemble the mask . lastly , the final minutes of the video showed the variations of customization to the halloween mask .
becca and [male] posed for a picture before their hike . we hiked over this bridge . it felt a little unstable . the water was really roaring fast . the water was really cold . the rocks were neat to look at . we wanted to see it all . at the end of the day we were at the top . the view was just beautiful .
the people gathered to enjoy some professional wrestling . the crowd was full of energy . the vibrant characters made the show very exciting . their advanced moves in the ring kept the crowd entertained . the fans were very pleased with the show .
the family was taking a stroll through the old part of town . the buildings were tall and close together . their were stands all over selling fresh produce . the stands stretched all the way down the street . we bought some peppers and pears .
i hate halloween parties . everyone is dressed up with weird hair . others try to scare you , but they just look stupid . the clowns are kinda creepy . the most bizarre was my friend trying to be a pimp .
well hello ladies . how are you today . this is my good side . would you like my phone number . i did n't think so .
i had a lot of work to do today . there were many customers . i had to see all of them . they also made me cut up seafood . it was dirty work .
we set up the tables for the halloween party . the first guest to show up was [male] . we set up fun games and prizes to play during the party . other people arrived and got started eating . someone brought a frankenstein mask and passed it around to the guests .
the technology exhibits were amazing , this one looks like its making lightning . this robot guy had a very interesting display . this spider robot was really scary , let 's hope they do n't take over the world and enslave us all . this horse-robot-thing was kind of funny looking , i wanted to jump on it and go for a ride , but i did n't want to pay for it when i broke it . heres the robot guy again , hes a little big to be a calculator , i wonder what his purpose is ?
these fellows are organizing the demonstration . the participants don their vests . the demonstration is peaceful . the word is being spread to passers by . the demonstration os over and the participants return home .
it was brainstorming time in the classroom to come up with the best investment ideas . various ideas were taped up on the wall . students had a chance to review the different ideas . they then got to ask questions . finally , they broke off into small groups to begin their investment project .
it was really cold last night but we managed to climb all the way to the top of the building . the view of the city from up here was beautiful . we lit up our balloons and released them into the sky . we then had to climb all the way back down . it was very late when we finally arrived home .
my dog and i went to meet some friends at the park on my day off . we grilled out and i contributed ribs . the food was so delicious . we sat on a dock watched a beautiful sunset . we ended the night watching great fireworks !
during the summer , the family decided to visit our family in location . we visited some relatives who live on a ranch . our relatives nourish donkeys who are ill . we took a few pictures of our relatives checking the animals . they do this weekly to make sure the donkeys are in good health . at the end of the day , we met a donkey that was more than 10 years old .
i went to my first beer tasting today . there were many different kinds to choose from . i met a lot of great people there . i even ran into the president of the organization ' association ! all in all , it was a perfect day .
i went out for a walk today . they were having a memorial service at the capitol . there were many flowers there . everyone had come to show their respects . there was a large turnout .
this is our work christmas party . these people do n't ' believe in christmas but wanted to attend the party anyways . this it the owner of our business and her husband . these women all work in the front office . there are n't a lot of employees so there is a lot of room at the tables .
for halloween this year we took the family to the local community center event . there were games set up for the kids to play . everyone was dressed up in their costumes . it was great seeing everyone looking so festive . the baby did n't make it long before he was tuckered out and ready to sleep .
we set up our chair for the softball game . they were getting ready to play . the ball was thrown . she ran to catch the ball . our team scored a point . we enjoyed relaxing and watching the game .
this is a historic monument in a historic town . the area is rural and has kept its natural beauty . most of the houses are very nice with spacious yards . some have very square designs with flowers and decor . others have slanted roofs much like a triangle . it is very nice to see the diversity in older architecture .
we got to a petting zoo . this is the whole family enjoying the petting zoo . [male] excited to be here we get to walk with the donkey . we say goodbye to our new friend . until next time
yesterday , i went over to my friend [female] 's house to have lunch and hang out . she put out some really neat pottery to eat off of . [female] and i played around with our drink garnishes and laughed . we had a good day talking and hanging out . the most fun , however , was just being silly with her .
this was me back in 1967 . i had the world at my fingertips , with a lovely wife and child . my child was n't quite as lovely in the 1990 's . sometimes the only was i can really cope is to take a walk and clear my head . today , i look as old as i feel .
there was a concert for peace in the park today . there were many activities and events . many different people got to talk and express their thoughts . so many people were gathered at the park to promote the message of peace . we all ended on a great note and had a band end the concert with many songs .
a big meal is prepared . everyone pitches in to make the meal and everyone enjoys . the family is together celebrating an occasion . the boys pose with the birthday cake . the family enjoys each other 's company .
there were many people at the party last week . everyone had a great time . the party began with the start of a traditional prayer . everyone had a great time praying . afterward it was time for dancing and everyone got up to dance .
going to church with my mom today . mom spends more time getting pictures of every single family member than anything else . oh look , a distant cousin , grab her before she sits down mom we do n't have a picture of her yet ! just when you think mom will walk away from the camera , nope , she grabs it back out of her purse and starts snapping pics of this group of people praying . well thank goodness that 's over , 2 hours of pictures with distant relatives , we 're finally free to go get some lunch ... oh but look mom found uncle ren , the crazy man who still thinks he 'll catch a germ if he takes off his medical mask . i can not wait to get out of here !
there was a parade going on in town . the first event was a choir . they could sing beautifully . afterwards there was a few street talents . my favorite was the guy who acted like a dinosaur . after wards the church gave a speech . by the time the singing ended it was dark . we all had a good time .
[male] headed to dc to see some of the sites there pwere too see . he took this picture of the capital building . he was very amazed by the capital building it was a memory he will never froget . he the seen some soldiers who were protecting the capital building . he had to have one last shot of the building before leaving .
it was a turkey party at the university . the turkey was looking good . everyone was fighting to get in line . they ended up playing games to see who goes first . [female] won with her hair mustache .
our october trip to organization organization in location . some decorations like flowers were there for the season . more recently everything was decorated with jack-o-lanterns . this is where we had lunch . even the information booth was decorated . my favorite was this witch pumpkin .
packing up for the trip . i made sure everything was there . the bags were packed tightly . the black carry on had everything i could need . zipped it up and ready to go .
our family went to dinner that evening . [female] really liked the food . everyone had lively conversation . and we saw friends we had n't seen in a while . everyone was satisfied at the end .
the boy was looking at the fence as people were around . there were giant seasame street people . including an orange guy and big bird .
it was st. patrick 's day . performers rode unicycles . some people even brought their dogs . this man played a pipe . some people even jammed out .
the stairs to this place were really set up for halloween . some weren carved to be cute others went for scary designs . and some were simple enough to be done by younger children . as we left we saw this guy taking pictures with his phone .
the friends have stopped for lunch in a food court . as they checked their phones another friend is taking their pictures . after lunch the friends went into town taking photos of various places they passed by . they continued on the walk seeing the city skyline . the friends made it to a park where they took a picture of this unique statue .
boy looking through hole . sesame street on stage . cookie monster and some . giant cartoon costume . big bird with kid .
the voodoo lounge is open only one night a year on halloween . party goers come to revel in the foggy atmosphere . the lights are eerie and glowing red . skulls are an important part of the decor . the partiers are ready to go again next year .
the speakers gathered before the conference to wait for the time to present . they took a group photo before presenting at the conference . some of them gave interviewed for the local media . when it was time , they all took turns speaking before the audience . after that they would take questions from the audience .
the guests pose for a picture . someone looks unhappy to have his picture taken . two friends pose for a picture . this couple looks on their way to having a good time . food prepared for the guests .
this is a singer known as bad rad . the back up singer and bad rad have been friends since childhood . bad rad started the group when they were in their late teens . he also plays lead guitar for the group . at the end bad rad raises his arms in solidarity with his many fans .
everyone showed up to my apartment last week for the party . there were a lot of people . we all had to sit very close to each other to fit . we had some food delivered . it was delicious . afterward we all sat and relaxed while drinking some tea .
i had to take a lot of photos today . everyone wanted a picture taken of them . i had them all pose for the camera . there were also some children there . they were scared to have their picture taken .
at this years rally i was on that was to be honored . i sat there in the front staring into the crowd . i could not help but to think what it was that i did to deserve this . my betters thought that in times of peace it was those that got jobs done that where worth rewarding . i took it in stride . it was not my place to differ .
a truck stop can be a busy place . members of the truckers union work to gain new membership . they visit with each trucker that they can . soon many new members are recruited . the friendship and support that members get from their union is immense .
it was field day at [female] 's school . the first event was a bean bag toss . we met [female] 's friend 's little sister later on . when the events were over , everyone gathered for a group photo . as field day drew to a close , everyone got snacks and prepared to go home
we stopped at this one little restaurant on our way to the city . the sandwiches were very good . the building just seemed to glow at night . after the visit to the city we stopped for some beers . this was the view from the ferry on our way back to the hotel .
having a wonderful dinner with relatives . [male] takes care of the kids while [male] enjoys a nice cold beer . [female] loved the food , especially grapes . [male] wore a hat to keep his head cool . location had fun swinging on the swing set .
my best friend [male] is getting married . their two kids were bored out their minds . a few hours before the wedding . [male] 's dad was very happy . my mom looking after the baby was cute .
i have a brother who lives in the swamps of the location . there are super long bridges to get from place to place . they also have regular looking beaches down there . my brother likes to joke about his place being hotel location . he 's not your typical swamp dweller and cleans up well .
the string ensemble provided background music at the wedding of my best friend . she looked beautiful when she joined her groom at the alter to take their vows . they were both smiling happily when they were pronounced man and wife . she took the time to pose with me and our other friends during the reception so we would all have a great picture to remember the day . when the new husband and wife danced together for the first time , i captured their love in this photo .
the dog was having an interesting time at the party . it had so many new people to interact with . it got in the way of some photos . and then became the subject of the photo . after a long day the pup sat down next to someone to sleep and get petted .
the family all got together for a birthday party . it was [female] 's 85th birthday . here she is with her children . the bakery did a beautiful job with the cake . one of her gifts was a photo album . she was very happy to be surrounded by her family .
the banana was putrid , rotted compelty . a few of the berries still seemed viable . a flower had managed to blossom . the eucalyptus was still fragrant . no one believed this sick little plant would survive .
i went to the meeting last week . there were many people there . i had to give some presentations . afterward we had some dessert . there were many presentations there .
the 4th of july party was amazing . there was lots of colorful fireworks on display . we saw all sorts of different patterns and some had cool sparkles . our favorite was the firework that had all sorts of different colors in one . this was the best fireworks show we have ever seen .
today , our friends gathered together for some food after work . we arrived somewhat early , so things were n't too packed yet . however , that quickly changed , and things became quite busy ! the food provided was amazingly delicious . subs and other sandwiches were also available on the menu .
the big flower sale was happening today . there were purple flowers , and pink and green flowers , and even yellow sun flowers ! [female] made sure she got there early so that she could get all of her favorite flowers before they sold out .
at the kids soccer camp , they practiced kicking the balls . they played on teams to try to add some competition . there were boys of all ages on the field , competing for the win . hustling around , the boys tried their best to make a goal . careful attention was paid to the soccer ball to make sure it was kept in control .
the stands were full of students . these students devoted at least four years of their time to be there . the procession began and [female] was spotted . her father snapped a few photos of her walking . he made a completely goofy face to celebrate his daughter 's incredible achievement .
we were watching my wedding video from the 90 's . i saw some faces that i have n't seen since . my little sister stood by the wedding cake the entire time . my other sister gave a great speech at my wedding reception . my grandmother looked so happy that day . it was nice to see her again since she passed away .
a rave party is about to start at the club . party goers from all over town show up , some in unique costumes . as more people arrive , friends are reunited and begin partying together . the lights are turned off and the party begins , with flashing and blinking strobe lights . a large turnout means lots of fun for all party goers .
i showed up at the party in my fancy costume . everyone was very happy to see me . i made a lot of new friends . we all had a great time . i ca n't wait for next year 's .
we had a church picnic last week . everybody brought something to eat . the desserts were wonderful . the decorations were really pretty . at the end of the picnic , we felt good in having shared our fellowship .
[male] , [male] and [male] decided to a bros only trip to location . they chose a time of year that had many festivities . during the festivities they got really drunk . they tried to get into the parade and carry a special float . at the end of the parade they decided to buy drinks for some of the locals .
i have been outside doing micro photography for a class project . love how it is possible to get a good blur in pictures like this . these flowers were so beautiful . one of my class subjects is nature . nothing beats getting out and taking pictures of sites like this . most people never experience this . last but not least a single red flower . this day of shooting turned out very good .
the family has the newly born baby . they are very happy to have a baby . all the people love him very much . the child is very shy and do not like to have pictures . the family is taking pictures of his son .
at the annual stone soup festival , everyone brings ingredients to add to the stone soup . this man brings sprouts , a source of vitamin c . this couple brought vegetables fresh from their garden . these ladies found a golden ticket , which gave them free admission to organization organization . these kids share their stone soup from a big orange bowl .
all these wonderful faces coming together makes me smile . time for someone to try smiling ! these two are always cracking us up . our own little take on a classic carol . he somehow ends up looking rather thirsty .
a big crowd showed up for the rally . many people were angry . there were issues that needed resolution . everyone is tired of being misrepresented . there were some very compelling speakers .
we gathered in the street for our neighborhood 4th of july parade . even the wee ones participated . some of the costumes were very detailed . the neighbors decorated their fence . to end the day the local fire department put on a fireworks display .
a lot of people came out to hear the faith testimonies on sunday . the reverend gave a wonderful sermon about [female] , [female] , and love . everyone wanted to say good morning . the reverend was happy to oblige . he was very obliging when the students wanted their picture taken with him .
the music starts to play here comes the bride . [male] and [female] will be married in a matter of a few minutes . after the ceremony they had smiles on their faces , they are happy and look forward to spending the rest of their lives together . some of their friends and family seen here posing with them . what nobody knows at this point is that [female] only has 12 weeks to live .
we started our hike at the beautiful old bridge . next we saw the lovely tiny creek . from there we saw many different things along the way including this hole in the tree . this was far and away our favorite part of the hike . it 's beauty was only surpassed by its wonder .
the first thing we did on our vacation was check out the boardwalk . there was all sorts of things to do but we quickly grabbed a bite to eat . heading into town we started getting thirsty . some of the buildings were so tall you really had strain your neck to see the top . after a long walkabout we were excited to see the front door and get ready for tomarrow .
man dancing to the ground . letting a fan sing in the mic . singer singing to the crowd . musicians playing their guitars . thanking his fans for their support .
preparing the bike for the trip . setting out on the highway 1 trail . eating up the miles on new terrain . time for a rest stop . posing next to a beautiful view
[male] and his friends were ready for halloween . little [male] dressed as a duck , which was his favorite animal . they moved through the neighborhood looking for houses to trick or treat at . they saw the perfect house and rang the doorbell . [male] was a little upset that they only gave him one piece . on to the next house .
getting ready for halloween , sure to scare for some candy right after getting some loot the bag nearly filled up with the loot unloading the spoils what to do with all this candy ?
[male] and [male] want to have a party so [male] can introduce the group to his new girlfriend . when they tell their roommates , their roommates act very surprised . [male] and [male] try to convince everyone that it will be a good idea . the general consensus is a decided unease . finally the roommates agree to throw a party and [male] is able to tell her girlfriend that they agreed .
[male] , [male] and [female] had signed up to do the polar plunge for charity . there were many people there that day that had signed up . after the first few people jumped in , it went fast . there were as many onlookers as people participating . there were also many people that were scared to jump in .
i left the house i just got to go see the community . stopped by the neighbors but no one was home . they had lights set for christmas in their trees the street itself was simple and relaxing . we walked back home through the trail and called it a day .
here we are , a throng of professionals amiably making small talk in the lobby . the day 's programs were conveniently looped over our seats for perusal before the first speaker . as the attendees gathered in the room , the energy level rose considerably . of course , we had to endure the requisite cheesy skit . however , the event was a success overall , and many new friendships were forged .
since the weather was so nice , we decided to go hiking on some local trails . the kids had a lot of fun playing in and around the natural rock formations . near a flowing stream , we saw a beautiful tree with white blossoms . we came to a foot bridge that crossed over the stream , and lead to the trail up the mountain side . the hike up the mountain was tough , but the views were well worth it .
the cake before it is devoured by the family . lizzy wolfs down a piece of the delicious caek . grandpa fixes one of the toys that girls broke . the girls all ready to throw lizzy into the pool . the more mature crowd sit and catch up around the table .
the friends were having a party . there was good at the party . the friends took pictures . there were a lot of drinks . they even had carols .
the stands were absolutely packed at this year 's location tech graduation ceremony . there were literally seas of people almost as if there was a sporting event . the commencement came with speeches from the top students in the graduating class . the scoreboard was lit up with a congratulatory message . i will be keeping the program in remembrance of the graduation .
the wedding was beautiful last night . the bride and groom cut up the wedding cake and served it . it was very good . at night everyone got together to dance . the groom was willing to dance with anybody who wanted to . some of the children were very bored .
the whole family gathered for dinner . there was lots of food . we made some wonderful traditional dishes . mom took lots of photos . everyone was posing for her .
the speaker begins on her speech of how to help location with their draught . important people listen to the speaker on how to solve the problem . one way the speakers says is to levy a fine on people who water their lawn . everyone agrees this is one way to curb water usage . more than half the important people do n't think there is a water shortage .
one day , [female] decided that she was craving some food from [male] 's organization organization organization . so she went inside to get her some grub . but when she looked at the menu , there were so many choices ! and everything looked so good ! but in the end , [female] was able to decide on a nice , juicy hamburger .
the wagon prepares to receive the body of the fallen cowboy . members of the deceased 's family gather in preparation for the arrival of the body . the body is carried by the deceased 's friends and family as they prepare to load it onto the wagon . the body is loaded onto the wagon so that it can be transferred to the cemetery . the wagon and horse mounted cowboys process down the street en route to the cemetery .
the party was starting . it was held at the churches festival . people wore costumes . the singer was talented . we danced the night away until we dropped .
had our christmas party at the weirdest place . it looked like a bunch of gecko lined up against the wall . food was great , several different combinations of food too . plenty of friends and co workers with there spouses . we had a raffle but i did n't win a darn thing . here are some ladies i got to me and they were so much fun to be around . they used the word yolo several times in the evening .
this was the first thing we saw as we entered the botanical gardens . a small pool that was on display at the botanical gardens . some lily pads floating in another pool at the gardens . an apple that was able to grow inside at the gardens . this trees had some kind of melon growing on it .
what seemed like a boring thing to the kids piling into the cafeteria would soon surprise them . breakfast was served buffet style . soon the visitors from location location surprised the kids with a show . cookie monster did a meet and greet with all of the kids . big bird also showed up !
there were a lot of people attending the graduation ceremony today . the place was packed . we were all glad to finally graduate . my family came to show their support . everyone was really proud of me .
[male] is very passionate about his stand for aid . he rallys up some markers and cardboard and him and his friends decided to make a stand . they march up to location to make people hear what they have to say . [male] elects a speaker to show them exactly how they feel . everyone gathers around and makes a stand .
we took a drive across the country last summer . it was a great feeling being on the open road . nothing compares to having a whole road to yourself ! well , most of the time anyways ! it was a great trip and we got to see many places .
it was another day at the graveyard . there were fresh flowers at man of the graves . [male] was a great man . i heard that [male] was loved by his children . i miss columbus .
a courtyard had a well-watered lawn . the gym was stuffy but the spirits were high . the graduates wore the shiniest gowns i had ever seen . a historic speech was made by the president . families gathered outside to reunite and take pictures .
mom is at the entrance of the school with the young child on the first day . dad also came along to give the little one comfort on the first day . here is a picture of the young child on his first day of school with some classmates . the children are getting instruction on what they will do once all they others arrive . the children are waiting for the others to arrive plus they are talking and getting to know one another .
the young blond girl is graduating today and all her classmates attended . she is so excited to now have her diploma . she takes a picture with her older brother who graduated a year ago . her and her friends are ready to hangout one last time . the graduation after party had lots of finger foods .
this is the beginning of a perfect vacation . i wanted to go to a place that would give me a sense of history . i am a place that puts me in awe of the architecture of the past . what a great feeling to be part of an important time in history . this is a beautiful scene to celebrate how the past affects the present .
my family came into town . they went to church with me . they visited where i work at . they were n't too impressed by my office . but they did enjoy my scooter .
the cars were getting ready for the race . they made sure the car was prepped . the other racers also got prepped . this was the winner waving at us . the crowd was very excited to watch .
the fedora team got together at saxby 's for casual discussion . many things were discussed in a nice and relaxed setting . it did n't seem like work in such a cozy place . there were many smiles . the meeting was a success with much done .
i told my husband we had to get there early . by the time we arrived people were setting up on the side of the road . and then the crowd got huge . but the end result of fireworks was worth it . the highlight of the night was the chaser fireworks .
the lake house had a little dock for the boat . the water was very still that day . we went out on the jet skis . at night , we light a fire and hung out . the fire burnt great and we even cooked a bit on it .
the entire family decided to get together for a family reunion . the little ones were given food and arts and crafts activities . meanwhile , the adults chatted about their children . then uncle [male] decided to take everyone on a hike to the forest . everyone was exhausted when they returned from the hike .
my favorite band has a top-tier guitarist . to me , the band 's drummer is even better . he can handle at least five different styles of drumming . the band would n't be the same though without the contributions of every member . i could listen to these guys play for days .
the team geared up for the science convention . they unveiled their new robot design . other teams showcased their projects as well . one team made a new type of remote car . this team won the most votes with their horse robot .
this was my first day and my first ride on a subway and my roommate told me she would take some pictures of me in the city . i got off the subway and just stared at all the buildings . i thought i would go to some stores and low and behold there was someone doing something weird , it made me just stare . i see that there are some elderly people shopping here too . they asked me to try a few things and i am telling you it tasted horrible . i should n't have opened my mouth with food in it , but i could n't help it .
the local high school is very big on sports the cheerleaders are the best around . the basketball team was # 1 last year . [male] johnson is all county in basketball . he is always a team player
going to the organization organization was one of the creepiness things i have ever done . it started out okay , with a set up showing an old vintage dentist office . but things got weirder and more unnerving as we went along . the cigar box full of antique dentures was almost more than i could handle . but the human skull that showed how they worked on the teeth ... that was too much and i found an exit .
we had one final morning exercise before graduation . it was our chance to say goodbye to the `` red monster '' that we had all struggled over at some point during our training . that afternoon , dressed in our formal uniforms , we got the final salute from our commander , and then it was official . we had graduated . mom took a picture to show that i left behind my program in my excitement after the ceremony . but i was eager to get that brand new rank pinned to my cap .
we visited location location . in the museum was all kinds of old photos . including some disturbing ones . there were photos from world war ii . seeing history is an amazing thing .
[male] went to a yard sale over the weekend . when he walked up to the house , he saw a beautiful piano outside . he had always wanted to learn to play . he next came upon a stereo in a glass cabinet . these were very nice items for a yard sale . an old phonograph was also there . [male] felt he could purchase some of these items to sell for more than he paid for them . a picture on the wall also caught his eye . that would look good in his bedroom , he though . last , he considered some old movie posters for his office . he ended up purchasing the piano .
the yellow shirt lines up the ball for a goal . the green and white shirt chases the red shirt for the ball . two players battle it out for the ball . the red shirt is intent on getting the ball back . the green and white shirt tries to block the goal .
a group of friends went to see one of the most popular djs in the world . they watched him in awe . they made comments about his work , and he overheard . he invited them in for a group picture . he was actually much friendlier and sillier than they thought !
my family and i went for a hike this weekend . there was a fallen tree which we carved a mans face in . everything , right down to the rocks seemed beautiful . other things were gross like this thing growing on a tree stump . by the end i was exhausted and ready to go home .
my friends an i went to a rally . there were some policeman guarding the event . it 's wonderful so many people gathered to fight for the cause . i saw a person carrying a chair , so he can sit somewhere during the rally . hundreds of people gathered at the rally .
wedding guests gathered in the church . the bride and groom were married on the altar . guests from the wedding posed for photos during the wedding . the bride and groom shared their first dance in front of their family and friends . they held each other closely and showed their love .
i 'm so glad i had my camera with me today , during our stroll we came across this amazing building . as we got closer i was amazed at how gorgeous it really was . there were many religious statues placed throughout the grounds . although [male] gets pretty bored with architecture , even he was in awe of the beauty ! it was n't until about 15 minutes walking the grounds that we realized we were trespassing and were soon escorted off the property , but i could n't resist to snap a few more picture on our way out !
[female] making her speach at grandma 's birthday . grandma thinks it 's funny that we 're trying to keep her out of the kitchen . i have no idea what this thing is , but it 's hideous . yummmmm chocolate . say cheese cousin angel
the group is gathering for a protest . there are lots of different people representing a lot of countries . everyone decides to bring a flag to represent where they are from . they get to take turns telling their points of view . not everyone agrees with everyone else though .
we went to the organization organization organization organization today they met us right at the door all the star wars characters were there this guy was so friendly and loved entertaining us here i am getting my photo taken
the whole family poses during the reunion . [male] and [female] smile for the camera ! the siblings are happy to be together again . [male] works at his computer . [female] and [male] went on a motorcycle ride .
today is the day of the big hike . everyone came out to do this journey together . the waterfall is beautiful . the guy has definitely accomplish his mission . it is now time to go home .
there was a costume contest today . some people dressed as animals this fox mask was cool . there was even a blonde reindeer drinking a beverage . two of the party goers said hi briefly and told each other they liked their costumes . the man that caught all the action was the photographer we hired to capture the event .
the representatives all arrived for the conference . there were people from numerous countries . they listened to presentations from many speakers . many new proposals were presented . when it was over they all returned to their home countries .
good times when we went to food truck expo . the kids went straight for the taco food truck . the lines were pretty long but the food was worth it . we went back for seconds and there were still long lines . everyone loved the tacos it was a big winner at the expo !
the whole gang went out last night in the extreme cold . i must say [female] got a little drunk . [female] , [male] and [male] were all hitting the whisky pretty heavily . [male] had a cigar , too . it was a good night , and looking at the city in the dark was pretty cool .
matza balls are cooking in preparation for the jewish celebration . some type of green bean vegetables are a compliment . some delicious meat will compliment the other foods . in honor of the jewish event we have a star of david garnish art . the girl has made a passover pillow to honor the traditions .
the garden tour was cool . these flowers are so pretty . this tree has moss growing on it . looks creepy . [male] is checking out the vine growing over the trellis . oh that 's a good look for you , [male] . you should keep that . the flowers are so pretty . need them in my yard .
it 's very hard to get an appointment for a spa treatment at the most popular spa in town . even so , the waiting room was quite empty . i tried different chairs as i waited , including this one in the corner by the window . the whole two hours i waited for my appointment , i did n't see another soul . finally , i was called into the hall to go to my treatment room . i was pretty sick of waiting by that point . however , it was all worthwhile . when i saw that raspberry ripple mousse hair treatment , i knew i was in for a gold star experience .
the water was calm near the shore . the people laughed at the window and then they laid out .
they arrived at the lodge , then it was off to explore the flora and fauna . they saw a bald eagle , and a beautiful deer . the mountain scenery was so beautiful , they even went on a helicopter ride to get a bird 's eye view of it all .
it was our special wedding day . we were very happy . we could n't wait to greet our family and friends after the ceremony . we left temporarily and changed to traditional clothing before mingling with the guests . it was good to see everyone in one place to celebrate our wedding . we had a lot of fun !
last holiday , we gathered at my moms . she had a wide variety of fruit and drinks . i brought our baby along in celebration . my neighbor also came and had a lot of fun with us . towards the end of the night , we took a group picture .
i love looking at my great grandparents pictures that they took . grandma said that this picture was taken just before the war . and this was part of the city park that they used to picnic at . here is a picture of their house . it is not even there anymore and has n't been for over 30 years . here is the mayor 's house , you can tell that they came from a rich background .
the game had started with a lot of anticipation . both teams had been preparing for this showdown since the beginning of the season . the game was intense , and the score was kept close . neither side was prepared to give an inch ! night began to fall and the lights came on with the score still tied !
the live music was impressive . the girl liked the music so much she gave a kiss . the boys are having fun . this girl likes the music . the girl nows how to lay down some pain .
the career festival was a good opportunity for many people to find a new job . there were over 100 companies that had set up booths . some offered hands on training . others showed demonstrations of what they did . there were also presidents from some of the companies who gave speeches .
the plaza was empty when the lights lit up . people started to come to protest against the laws of healthcare .
i had a great time at the meeting . i got to meet a lot of new and interesting people . they were very funny . afterward we got something to eat . there were some speakers there as well .
the dolls were all arranged nicely . one of them kept falling off the chair , though . the tall female doll looked very elegant . they all sat nicely for their photos . it was a great occasion for all !
hank and [female] 's new years eve party in 1999 was a blast . we were waiting for 2000 and wondering if y2k would hit . but everyone was having such a good time , they forgot about the doom and gloom . [female] and [female] had a good time . and so did [female] and jen . though i think jen was wasted by midnight .
mom and dad are so proud of their baby girl . all the siblings were asked to get together and take a picture . even mom got a great shot of her son here . all the friends got together and shared in on the fun . [male] and queen they are crowned .
the city lights in location are quite colorful . anime is very popular in location . this store sells costumes based on famous anime characters . you can view an album of models dressed as famous anime girls . there are lots of people gathered outside this spectacularly lighted building .
we were so proud of the new couple . the groom showed love and appreciation to his siters . we took a group picture before talking to the bride . she thanked us for joining her on her lovely day . we had dessert before we left the venue .
everyone gathered for the performance . we all got to watch a special dance . there was a march with flags of many nations . afterwards we all attended a special dinner . everyone had a great time .
the countdown for the start of the meeting began . ceo quan stepped out with much fanfare . he introduced the paper thin tv . he also talked about the automatic robot vacuum . then he told about location foray into wearable tech .
we went to an auto show today . we saw many amazing cars . we saw cars that had hoods that went up in a weird way . we even saw many race cars . we saw cars that were old and antique as well .
i like riding the train into the city when i get to the city i always do lots of shopping . i love to get food there it 's so good and tasty . and the people are always so nice .
welcome to the tour of the old location location , this way to the conference room . the conference room actually served duel purposes , as the family often dined in here . [male] [male] lived to the ripe of age of 84 , which was considered to be a long life back in his time . [male] was also an serious book collector , and had several libraries . his estate is now considered to be a historical monument .
it was fainally time for the birthday girl to take center stage . we brought out the cake and she blew out the candles . she unwrapped some of her gifts right afterward . later we had some fun playing with streamers outside . it 's probably best not to ask about some games we played .
this is a picture of two people . this is a picture of the capitol building . this is a picture of a building . this is a picture of a crowd . this is a picture of a group .
i bought some souvenirs on vacation last weekend . there were some bridges to get to them . there was no one else around . there was no one inside either . i spent some time walking around looking for somebody .
onlookers gathered on the sides of the street for the parade . the flag corps led the parade down the streets . then the local marching band entertained us . the flag twirlers came out , but had some problems staying in sync . the mayor closed up the parade , waving at the crowd as he passed .
we had an amazing time on our trip . we visited the chocolate factory and took home a few treats . we relaxed on the beach at sunset . we explored a rainforest exhibit that had some terrifying spiders and beautiful trees . in the afternoons , we relaxed in the yard . the view from the house was breathtaking . it was hard to leave behind .
saint paddy 's day is special to [male] since he 's irish . but lack of irish blood did n't stop anyone else from having a good time . his sister moira had flown in from location and she was having fun as well . but like i said , everyone did , irish or not . then [male] got all quiet and started quoting [male] [female] and things got weird .
i went to the concert last night . there were a lot of band members there . they were all very well dressed . they had practiced for a long time . i had a great time at the concert .
all our family was over for thanksgiving . the room was crowded as everyone found their place to sit . it was nice to catch up . after we set up a board game . the kids had a blast playing .
you know , honey , when you said we were going to live in a cave , i was n't so sure it was a good idea . but the views here are amazing . and such a beautiful little town . this place has a lovely garden . and the nearest shopping mall is n't so far away .
one day a man and his wife decided to throw a house warming party for the new home they had just bought . both he and his wife invited old friends to enjoy the festivities . it seemed however , that the children of all their friends were the ones who really enjoyed the party . since they got to play on the newly built playground set in the back yard . seeing the kids have so much fun even made some of the adults want to join in on the fun .
today i got to ride horses . my friends also rode them with me . i nicknamed this guy seabiscuit . it is so much fun to ride horses , they go so fast . i ca n't wait to do this again next year .
[male] was reluctant to leave the city to return home for thanksgiving . he arrived in his home town dreading the long family dinner ahead of him . [male] wondered briefly about taking the train back into the city . [male] began to relax when he saw the people from his small home town going about the daily routines he remembered . suddenly , [male] 's brother surprised him by arriving at the train station , and [male] was very glad to be home .
i finally arrived at my friend 's halloween party . everyone was already there and it seemed i was late . we had many drinks that night . people were starting to get drunk . i , myself , was feeling tipsy and decided to take a seat .
[male] and her dad are at the bowling alley for some quality time . they are there with some of her dads coworkers . [male] has been bowling on a league for many years and is pretty good . [male] is new to the sport but he does ok for a beginner . this is [male] watching as her dad scores a strike to win the game .
in the day time , there were n't many cars on the road . we used the bridge to get closer to our home . when we got home , we noticed the room was barren and dry . the buildings were very tall in comparison to me . inside the buildings was cluttered and dimly lit .
[male] and [male] were best friends . they threw a toga party for their coworkers . [male] proposed to [female] that night and she said yes . a couple of other girls got lucky that night . samson took a photo with a girl from the party .
they decided to take the kids for their first fireworks show on july 4th . the colors were very bright . he enjoyed them very much , even with his ear protectors on . the show was coming to an end . it was a great display , and even the baby was happy they went .
i went to my friends party yesterday . he was very happy to see me . some of the people there were complaining about pain on their body . there were quite a few people complaining about it . i decided to leave after hearing all of that .
we had a meetup at our local car garage this week . it turned into a cookout when someone brought their grill . everyone displayed their cars and we talked about different parts . a local mechanic showed us a few tricks and tips under the hoods of our cars . all the people in attendance enjoyed the day .
this facility was recently constructed . it features a large indoor space for activities . there is ample dining space . outside there is opportunity for parking . fields are available for sport .
the halloween parade was well under way . everyone had been dressed up . the dog lover came out in full force . all of the dog 's were dressed up . and some were n't allowed to leave !
bikers saluting the flag and getting ready to take off . here is a good one of the gang . here i am with my husband . along with some of my relatives that came along . taking it easy and getting some rest .
we went on a hike yesterday . there were a lot of strange plants there . i had a great time . we drank a lot of water while we were hiking . the view was spectacular .
all the boys gathered to go out that night . there was a big party at he local club . a lot of people were starting to show up . most were dressed for the holiday . the line was getting long to get in .
yet another visit to the local farmers market lots of different selections here , does not help my diet this is where the sweets are sold an old horse drawn carriage bring the nostalgia city lights at night time looking fabulous
today 's tour at the stair and ramp museum starts out with a creepy over-sized head statue . i thought hey , why not take every picture in black and white , all the cool kids are ! i do n't know what it is about that ramp , but i just knew i 'd regret it if i did n't get photos of it from many angles . then we got to this awesome semi-spiral staircase inside ! watch your step on those platforms ! our tour ended back outside , with a different set of stairs , by this point , i was convinced i had wasted my entire day .
nothing like gather for a night concert . the weather is perfect . the guys are performing and the crowd loves it . hey grabbed a photo of some people getting a view of the concert from up high . the guys are doing it up . the crowd is wild tonight . everything is over and the night crew have their work to do .
we started our scenic walk down the location location location . we took a few minutes to gaze and enjoy the view of the bay . there were many others there enjoying the view as well . we were joined by a little bird friend . no better way to end the day than a trolley ride to the city !
it is the perfect day to see what everyone is trying to sell . it has been awhile since we have seen a real typewriter . there is so much jewelry to choose from there is jewelry and trinkets for all occasions . it is also a great place to buy antiques .
we are taking a bike ride over to the shore . the rode has it 's own bike lane which is nice . we finally made it over , and there are seals all over beach . the rocks are very close to the shore on this side . it is fun watching the seals swim around the beach .
it was the big day of the wedding daddy was trying his best to be strong for his daughter her friends and family looked on it was a great wedding very beautiful moment for the family and friends
today is the day of the party . the cake was finally made and it was nicely decorated . the family finally arrived . the dog was part of the gift for the birthday boy . finally , the birthday boy cut the cake and then we went out to the club .
we arrived to the city by canal boat , and docked at the port . it was a nice city to walk though , with unique architecture . our hotel was up a long pathway from the port , there were a lot of stairs . many of the buildings in the city had decks and porches , because the weather was so nice . we finally arrived at our hotel , it was a beautiful building surrounded with lush landscaping .
a team is playing a game out in the rain . the two girls are watching the game with umbrellas over them . the city looms in the distance and they think they may like a tour . the old graveyard is very interesting and has many stones that are very old . finally , they end up at their friends house for a game after party .
it was the night of our big school dance . everyone dressed up and looked so glamorous and fancy . we made reservations so we did n't have to wait in line for dinner . our friends sat across the way from us to dine in privacy . it was a great meal and the dance was even better .
[female] was always the one to take pictures at events and get togethers . sometimes she would set up the camera 's timer and get in the photo , too . she was always good about getting the most thoughtful photo 's of her brother , [male] . her favorite subject to photograph was her niece [female] . her is [female] doing an activity and [female] is right there recording it for future fun1
the art convention has begun . special backgrounds is the focus . brainstorming is an effective technique to generate ideas . odd shapes are often right in front of us if we choose to notice . mixing colors is inspiring .
we went to the wildlife refuge today . we saw a giant turtle . we also saw a tiny lizard . we took a bunch of fish and one lobster home . but i brought home the most beautiful turtle i have ever seen .
the family took a trip to the countryside . the sunsets were always beautiful out there . even the windmills look great in such a scenic area . there really were a lot of windmills out there . it made us happy to see all that clean energy .
i was so excited to be heading to the crafts fair . when i arrived i saw a great booth with a variety of great crafts . i stopped at chatted at my friend [female] 's booth for a bit . there were even booths set up for all of the kids . i found some awesome crafts at the fair , i 'm really happy that i went .
there was a cube in the cemetery . so we went home instead . where we proceeded to open our mouths . then we took a better picture . i think i drove her away .
the water was cold , but it was still fun to run through . people had all the latest gear for the bike race . cyclists were ready to go and eager to race . everyone involved was competitive and excited . there were plenty of trophies , but those who did n't win still had fun .
it was an odd day to have such a large snowfall in [female] , but made for a great day to take pictures . the spring flowers were peaking through the icy snow . hopefully the last frost does n't damage the seeds for next year , but these crab apples look strong enough . the pansies were tough enough to withstand the snow on their petals . what an amazing , quiet , snowy morning .
my new apartment has plenty to offer , and one of those things is a magnificent view of the city . in winter , the neighborhood has a quaint feeling that i love . and for the summer months , it 's right across the street from a beautiful little park . i can act as silly as i want there . yes , i definitely found the perfect apartment for all seasons .
we were very excited to go the annual arts and crafts fair at our school . the school had a big arts and crafts fair and the parents pitched in . as the day progressed , it became cloudy and there was fear that they would get rained out . everyone had a great time . it was one of the best ones they had ever had . at the end of the day , we all took a picture together to commemorate the day .
we went and saw the local fireworks . the went way up jigh . some looked like shooting stars . i wish this was mroe than once a year . we had a blast .
there was a big sign that the guy passed . the girl also saw it near the big rocks before they took a photo .
[male] 's speech to his son 's finance class was successful . he discussed the relevance of microeconomics versus macroeconomics in today 's market . there was a brief moment where the project stopped working ; but the professor and a service tech were able to get it running again . he made sure to cover all the items hilighted on the projector screen . and he summed the whole thing up with a joke about two penguins selling ice .
our vacation to location was fabulous . we toured many places and saw this interesting church bell . this is a view from atop the bell tower . inside the church were many ornate objects . on our way out , we noticed this statue .
the table had ladies in green shirts and girls selling candy . they were painting faces in many different designs and they also had a bouncy house .
it was graduation night and the full moon that night looked beautiful . the room was packed ; i only spotted two empty seats . i spent a lot of time mingling with my peers . finally , it was my turn to give my graduation speech . by the end , balloons were released in celebration .
beginning his speech , the man used no slides . but only five minutes in , he turned the projector on . he went through the speech pointing out details he 'd highlighted on the slides . as he neared the end of his speech he was pleased to see that the students were still paying attention . for his efforts , he was awarded with a token of gratitude .
everyone came together to help the family with their home . the military men were up helping on the roof . they were helping prepare to paint . the family was very happy and thankful for the help . the family thanked the military personnel .
we decorated the christmas tree for the holiday party . our cat , fluffy , climbed up a small tree , and would n't come back to the house . my friend and i baked brownies for the party . my brother-in-law , and his son , [male] , getting ready for dinner . the pie we bought from organization was very delicious .
only men can live in the world of location . men wear skirts . men weird extremely cute ssocks . men wear skirts with extremely cute socks with cute fur hanging . we are men of guinness . we are proud .
the bride and groom are at the front by the arch and they are saying their vows . they both say i do and applause is hear very loudly . the bride poses with her two bridesmaids . the groom takes a photo with a bridesmaid and his sister . finally the whole wedding party is photographed together .
today we took a boat trip to visit location . we started the day off in town with some hot cocoa . it was dark and rich . after cocoa , we went to get some breakfast at the diner in town.they had old time food there . on the way back to the bus stop we came across a little concert . it was really nice to hear music on the street . we went back the the station and said good bye to location . we enjoyed the whole day .
there are many shops and businesses near the shore . the graffiti on this building seems to actually be an improvement . this house really has a tropical look with the palm trees surrounding it . the streets seem to be quite this time of day , wonder where all the people are ? it is very relaxing looking out over the water and listening to the waves .
the chapel was where my parents got married . i love the candles lined up this way , the flowers and journal are a nice touch . our family and friends gathered to attend . then we walked to our new beginnings .
the night before the wedding , we huddled together and gossiped , just like we did at mt . location so many years before . and now look at us - one of us actually getting married . it is so like [female] to have her vows taking place on a stage with a velvety backdrop . and , of course , the first dance took place on stage . i mean , the ceremony in itself was lovely , but it was weird to be both a part of the wedding party and forced to look on , facing the stage , as though we were mere ticket-holders , too .
yo yo yo . i got a story for you today . there was this zebra named zeeb . he was just minding his business when he bumped into his enemy , white bear . white bear started at him and was like yo you got a problem ? zeeb turned to him and was like , come at me bruh . zeeb looked super cool . white bear noticed his cool and walked away . i was like wow i need to get some of my own stripe .
the anniversary party was so amazing , look at this ice sculpture . they had a 5 course meal with several different wines . this is [female] , she is my 2nd cousin on mom 's side . here is the happy couple along with their daughter [female] . this picture is of all of the ladies at the party , it was so much fun .
the banger family wanted to spend 4th of july doing something a little different this year . they always watched fireworks , but then they heard about a haunted firework show . they went to the show and had a great time being scared by the haunted creatures . the big finale with the fireworks was very entertaining . when the family returned from the festivities , they were very glad they went .
we flew all night to make it to the wedding . the reception hall was cozy and beautiful . the families posed for a large group portrait . the dance floor gave a festive atmosphere to the night . the flower arrangements were whimsically placed inside cowboy boots .
the place cards had been laid . the decorations had been put up . the party favors were organized on the tables . as the guests arrived , the were handed drinks . the only thing left to do was eat and enjoy the party .
made a trip to the smoky mountains and stopped to take a picture of the river with the mini waterfalls . some of the rocks here look like nature carved out a seat for me . the water coming down like this is always so pretty . what a stunning old water mill it does not work any longer but it is still so beautiful in itself . the water in the spring is so dry . i bet during the early spring this has tons of water flowing through it .
admiring the beautiful stained glass inside a house of worship . a lovely old church where we are going to worship today . the outstanding stained glass windows inside the church . a man coming to speak with god inside a beautiful church . to women come to worship in the house of the lord .
before the battle me and all of the other leadership met up . we had long talks about what was expected . where to deploy the cannons , and where they should point . we had an idea to place them in the trees to make the 1st few shots a surprise . some of them where even hidden behind houses .
we might just look like a random group of drunk partygoers here , but we were n't . we were all here for one reason -- -to celebrate the end of our friend [male] 's cancer treatment . i gave a speech about him , and i teared up badly . we gave him a superman shirt , and he put it on . that is what he is to all of us -- a superman . then , i danced the night away with everyone else , very happy we still had [male] with us .
welcome to the latest showcase of new technology . here you find all the newest innovations in many areas of electronic advances . the latest smart phones are displayed sharply . the newest tablet pc is demonstrated by a real human . self driving cars are shown to be the future of transportation .
the bike ride brought several enthusiasts together . who traveled in interesting manners . and dressed in interesting clothing . the event was a big hit . afterwards , they got together for food and drink .
a roadie had hung the guitars for easy access . this band changed guitars a lot . they had two lead guitarist and both were fickle . the tambourine girl was mostly for attention . and the lead singer did n't play anything .
yesterday i looked at the calender and i realized that it was my birthday today ! everyone took me out to eat at my favorite pizza place . i had a great time there . everyone was really happy to celebrate my birthday with me . after a few hours everyone got tired and went home .
look at the flowers that i got from my husband . there he is , about ready to give them to me . look how happy i am to get them . cooking some good food . he deserves a great meal after all he does for me .
the open market was just that open . all the stuff is available to sample . they want to make sure that what you buy is fresh . they set up booths all along the road . you can try many unique food items .
[male] was 28 when he left his family . he was unhappy with his wife and child and decided to devote more time to his job . that was 40 years ago . he now wondered how his wife and child were doing . he did think about them sometimes . he considered that maybe his son grew up sad or lonely , selling trinkets in the street to survive . but then [male] remembered how happy he was to go off alone , without obligations or commitment . and he knew , even though he was now an old man , that he had made the right decision to leave .
this brown seed pod was the first plant clipping i collected last weekend . i found this branch that looked like it was growing berries . these flowers were just about in bloom , so i grabbed them to put in water later . the long , beautiful leaves on this plant made a nice addition to my collection . the last clipping i took was this hearty looking leaf , which had a smooth waxy coating .
whenever i can , i try to take a walk in the afternoon . today my first stop was the pond . where i had a light lunch . then found a sunny spot for a nap . once i woke up , i found a refreshment for the walk home .
we took a tour of the organization campus . there was a bake sale going on . students looked busy studying on their laptops . we were a little lost trying to find certain building . we walked together with a group to find the building we were looking for .
so much beauty can be found when you know where to look . the great open fields filled with rows of windmills took my breath at dusk . with the sun shining through the clouds behind the windmills , i felt i could watch forever . they towered high into the sky . so high they seemed to enjoy the company of the clouds .
we take life as seriously as we are supposed to . when we get together we also take our food just as seriously . having endless rows of good food and friends is the best way to live life to the fullest . nobody said anything about us eating . sometimes it is the best time when you provide meals for others . everyone is welcome in our circle . we feed anyone in need of a good meal .
[male] graduated today . the ceremony was long and pompous but worth it . his parents were so happy , even though his dad still could n't seem to smile for the camera . but his mom 's and aunts ' smiles made up for it . he was happy to be done , but he was going to miss being in college .
went to a motorcycle rally today . murica embodied . had the stone cold flagbearer in camoulflage . as well as the hulk hogan lookalike on his chopper . look at all the bikes ! the line was endless . of course , the police were checking us out to make sure we did n't do biker gang things , but it was a good day .
we had a great time at the halloween party . and a lovely dinner at a nearby restaurant . it was a mix of families and couples . many of the couples dressed in matching costumes but all to soon , the babies , had to go home .
we came to the party excited . there were so many cool people there . some old friends stopped by as well . the band began to play and they rocked out . the music carried us through the night .
we went to an arts festival there was plenty to do and see everyone had an amazing time the art was incredible so many people came to the event
breaking open a brew for the 4th of july . friends come over to celebrate . friends drinking and chatting at the party . drinking and snacking at the party . lighting off fireworks for the celebration .
allpro cookout day . some coworkers enjoying some hamburgers and hotdogs . would love to see whats under that hood . check it out . lets pimp some rides !
the countryside was a beautiful lush green . the water was still puddled from the storm , this bridge took us over the river and to the trailhead . this is a view of the bridge from below . the houses were old and so charming with their brick facades !
we went for a walk down my street we found an ocean there was a lady praying she was at a grave by the water someone else was buried near by as well
i was invited to my friend 's new home . he was a terrific artist . many of our childhood friends came too , it was like a reunion . the whole house had a artsy vibe to it . a lot of religious symbolism scattered about . who says you ca n't have a sleep over in an artist 's house ?
although these pictures are sweet are they really needed . we see this as inspiring but shouldnt it be sad . these men only go to war cause of the hatred in the world . we get so happy to see them home , but why send them in the first place . kids should not be denied their parents .
[male] and [male] have been friends for all of their life . they hung out every weekend . this weekend they decided to go to a beach party in location , location location . they new the bird lady would be there . she loved to party . [female] also came out to party with them . she loved mixing drinks and getting toasty . [male] and [male] would fill their pipes with tobacco and mingle with everyone there . at the end of the night people would be passed out in the sand , while those who were still awake would admire the dark nights skyline .
the perfect location was chosen for the halloween party . the inside lighting was also perfect and sinister . everything was set up perfectly , even the coat racks . the food and decoration stayed on theme . and even looked completely horrific at times .
we went for a walk outside . it was really cold out . we walked up to a cabin where a party was going on . we hung out there for quite sometime . the night ended and we made our way back home .
wow the big day has arrived and now i have to get ready . a few energy drinks and other necessities to get me through the day . do n't we just all look handsome in our suits . it is done we are married and she is beautiful . i can not wait to start my life with her she is my everything . my best friend and best man starting the reception off right telling a few jokes and saying the best thinks ever .
out swimming in the lake . i 'm gon na dive in ! [female] swimming already . gramma and grampa are enjoying it . sitting on the noodle is such fun . me and [female] playing around .
walking through the farmers market and saw a merchant selling soap . getting several organic soaps . radishes to make soups . mushroom for the pasta sauce . and fresh strawberries for a strawberry sorbet .
he had many black and white photos . some of them were of family . many of them were of baseball . he had a few players he idolized . he was an avid fan of sport .
a lovely calm lake , great scenery and wonderful to relax by . a monument telling of the great thing that happened here . a lovely clock tower in the distance , i 'm sure it holds great history . what a wonderful historic building behind the iron gate . close up of the clock tower , i bet it could tell some secrets .
the friends went on a night time zombie walk . they dressed up and used makeup . everyone made themselves look very scary . then they walked slowly through the streets . they scared a lot of people .
we went to the game last night . it was absolutely packed . but , as you see , we were all happy to be there . we reverted to being children with the food . the center court display was impressive . all the couple there had a great time .
i spent all day yesterday writing notes to everyone in the office . i put a lot of quotes . and funny jokes . and some inside jokes . everyone had a great laugh .
today we all gathered together to help clean the school outside . we shoveled up leaves and planted some soil for flowers in the summer . after we took a selfie . we were still in our coats because it was still cold . after all the parents chatted with some coffee .
this halloween was so much fun seeing all the costumes that the families wore . this little one was so cute in his home made costume that his mom made for him . just loved seeing all the little ones in their costumes they were so ready to go out and trick or treat . that face tells the whole story about the eagerness this little one has to get started . then we all ended the day going to the haunted house up the road . this is the best part of the day .
the flowers finally arrived for the wedding . they looked beautiful . some of them were designed real tall . one bouquet had a gold ribbon tied around it . all the flowers were just perfect for the happy occasion .
i had a great time at the youth charity center last weekend . i helped organize the outdoors event today . it was a lot of fun for the kids . they all had a great time playing all kinds of sports today . there were a lot of prizes to win .
everyone gathered for the 4th of july parade . the little boy proudly displayed the flag as he rode in the wagon . some of the people dressed up as the founding fathers for the parade . many people decorated their houses for the event . at the end of the day , everyone watched the fireworks .
i went out for a hike last weekend . there was so much snow everywhere . it was very cold . i had a great time out there . i was all by myself .
one day he was driving down the street while a parade was happening . but little did he know , a guy riding a bike was trying to run up on his car and wipe him out . it was a happy and joyous day . all smile and no tears . this is papi chulo , he is the thuggiest thug out there . as the guy was approaching papi chulo 's car a bus hit him . this is the bus .
i took my cat down to my boat with me . i invited a few of my friends to go with me . the sea was a little choppy . the waves were foamy . it was a lot of fun .
we saw an eagle at the bird sanctuary there were so many different species even seagulls the owl was a crowd favorite the bird is so graceful in the sky
the family decided to have a going away party for their son . he posed with the cake they made for him . he was going overseas in a military base . during the party , everyone decided to play games and draw . the cookies and chips were never in shortage . at the end of the night , everyone decided to take a group picture to remember the great moment .
after the blizzard everyone was ready to make snowmen this bridge got really icey and a few people slipped . at night the town was glowing . the light from the streetlamps was bouncing off the freshly fallen snow . by the morning time the roads had mostly been cleared off . the lake stayed frozen for weeks afterward , though .
the family gathered for our younger brother 's engagement party . our brother asked the family to arrive early . he showed up before his girlfriend . during dinner , our brother talked about how his girlfriend did n't know he was going to propose . we took a picture of all the men in the family . the girlfriends parents arrived . they sat down to talk with my brother about their future . my brother confessed that he was going to be proposing that evening .
location is a wonderful city for tourists -- and pigeons , too ! the famous canals , and the gondolas and barges that travel on them , are the first things everyone wants to see . take the time to explore the magnificent old churches , and you 'll be amazed by beautiful frescoes like this one . you 're never far from a pleasant cafe where you can relax with a snack and some espresso , or a glass of wine . shopping is a delightful adventure here too -- you 'll find everything from fine jewelry to delicious fresh produce !
all of the owners arrived at the same time . this group was very affluent and money-oriented . everyone was given headphones to better enjoy the program . the show started 2 minutes early and the hosts revealed the breakdown of the new system . the discussions afterward were focused on bringing in the new clientele .
every month , the family likes to get together for a large meal . this month , they decided to go to a steak , seaford and wine bar . they talked about work and school . the parents love hearing about how their children are doing . they were especially excited to learn that three of their sons were planning a new startup company .
we decided to go camping and dad was all up for it . there were animals in the wilderness where we decided to settle . we built a camp fire and the fire lit up high . still , it was super chilly . but i still slept like a pig that night and did n't want to wake when the sun was high and bright .
[male] wore this sword pin because his ancestors used to be knights . these rings have been passed down from generation to generation . the wedding had not started so the church was empty and quiet . [male] gave his fiance kind words to better her mood for the day . [male] 's parents and relatives arrived shortly for the big day .
the whole family went on a trip to location location to see the sights . my daughter and i sat on the steps to the memorial . grandpa might not have seemed very happy , but he was glad to be there . the wife needed some time to rest her feet on the steps after a long day of walking . on our way out we even saw some kind of protest going on .
visiting a cite with her dad . looking at old ruins . doing yoga . seating on a rock . climbing through the rocks .
the site for the excavations was headed up by a small team of researchers from a local university . they were happy to be able to be working on a site so close to the city . the team excavated small square sections , on at a time . the dirt was sifted through box frames with wire screening . these are a few of the relics that have been uncovered so far .
we took a trip to the forest today . there were so many huge trees . the trees had been there for a very long time . it was so majestic looking up at the trees . it was a great day and we have so much fun exploring the forest .
local business owners took a break to watch the demonstrators march by . they carried signs . they brought their children . they marched past a church . one person rode his bike instead of walking .
we loved the food markets along the streets of location . there were fresh meats and sausages made on the premises . the baked goods smelled so wonderfully we had to make a purchase . we splurged on a horse drawn carriage ride on the city streets . the beautiful lights made us want to stay awake all night !
it was almost christmas and we had to decorate the tree . the people on the ground made sure i was secure . i tried to hang the ornaments but it was too far away . i finally got a good reach to the top of the tree . i was aided with the help of a firetruck .
it was a college basketball game the basketball player slammed dunked the ball during warm ups the band played their team on and met with the announcers of course the cheerleaders lead their way as well
difficult food decisions for the little one . comfort food , so old fashioned and good . [female] pie always hits the spot . the day was ending on the church social . after a busy day of fun and eating , some were already tired .
a parade marking an election in location . people watch what is going on below . reporters and photographers are on hand to capture the moment . various people milling about on the sidewalk . a man holding a sign during the parade .
it was a great day to attend the auto show outdoors . first we saw this ferrari pull up . then out of nowhere comes another ferrari . this lamborghini really stole the show . our favorite however , was this white organization . what a car .
everybody 's packed for the trip . kids are in the car and ready to go . we dropped the rental off and [male] got a picture next to the car . [male] asked us if this was our plane . we spent the night in the hotel after a long day of travel .
there was once a breaking news story that happened at this exact location . so the news truck rolled up and started setting up . and the reporter showed up to start filming . soon a whole crowd gathered around to see what was happening . so they were incorporated into the news story .
some of the artwork that were being auctioned were put on display on the wells . my friend really liked the portrait of a lady . we were given free wine and got to mingle with some of the other people at the auction . it started soon after and everyone sat down . the bidding for pieces were very friendly and everyone had a good time .
large mushrooms cascaded down the old tree stump . a dragon fly rested on a leaf over the water . the waterlilies were beginning to bloom . the road had lush greenery on both side . a family of ducks ate their morning meal .
outside of the memorial park , there was an event going on . there was a fundraiser in which a lot of people gathered around . many small activities were going on which involved the whole community . it was right outside this building right here . many people passed by , but also looked at what was going on .
we stumbled upon some piece of art : a man and his beer . boots are the perfect addition to a man 's wardrobe . next , we moved on to more ... cutesy pieces . it 's christmas in july , the mother exclaimed . it seems we made a wrong turn and ended up in the ghetto .
we are so proud of our pumpkins . even the dog enjoyed them . some of the pumpkins looked funny . the dogs always enjoy jumping in the pool . at night time when the pumpkins are all lit up they look amazing .
the nightclub was filled to capacity . the band took the stage and started to play . there was a balcony overlooking the crowd . the band started playing their favorite song . a view to the balcony before the night ended .
[male] thought it would be funny to play with the local pigs with his new toy . the pigs were annoyed by the bubbles and started to squeal loudly at the commotion [male] caused . [male] 's friends could n't stand the loud pig noises and told him to stop . to escape the pig noises , [male] and his friends decided to travel along the farmland , but got lost in a field of plants . they met up with two woman who were also lost in the field and the two groups had no choice but to survive together until help could arrive .
we got dressed in uniform for the debriefing . the officers asked there questions of me and i answered . i said my piece and took a seat . they did what they always do and told me how it is . i said what needed to be said and left the room .
yesterday was my graduation from school and my friend helped me get dressed . i was all set to go with my assistant dog . he wore a bright red harness to let everyone know he was working to help me with my ceremony . he looked some handsome in his working vest . the ceremony was beautiful and we all had a good time .
the organization organization organization graduation happened today . i attended to see a lot of people be happy . parents were smiling from ear to ear the whole time . some people came very dressed up for the occasion . best friends posed for one of the last times they will see each other .
i love the view from my hotel room . i can see lots of famous buildings and i 'm located in the center of town . my favorite structure is this tower . unfortunately today i have not solemn plans on my agenda . paying a visit to the graveyards of soldiers that fought for our county .
teamwork was key . in everything that required more than one . working together to achieve a common goal . the oracle knew that . and these guys were one of the best teams they 'd ever had .
there was the old piano that there also was theis amazing radio my grandma had the same music player that i found in the store there was also a picture that we found there from the old days we ended up buying some pictures as gifts
[male] made a funny cookie at the halloween party . a more conventionally decorated cookie . the organization organization would be very proud . a spooky cookie to go with the rest of the night . a collection of very well decorated cookies from the halloween party .
costume time at our favorite bar , we made sure our costumes were extra lame . some of our friends went out as drunkards , that 's right , drunkards . we put on our best shitty selfie faces whenever our pictures were taken . this guy 's [male] simpson was really shitty , it was kinda scary . but , at least we got to see a creepy frankenstein and an old dude .
guess what today was ? my birthday ! 21st birthday at the bar ! i had a shot glass around my neck . friends were having a good time . it was the best birthday ever !
today the committee of rules is meeting . they are going to be hearing from 4 people today in 4 cases . this is the first time they are meeting in 2 months so they have a lot to discuss . it is also going to be taped for public tv ! the committee sits down to begin hearing cases .
this is a memorial to our fallen soldiers . my brother [male] is buried here . today was the anniversary of his funeral . jospeh had a friend named [male] . [male] was buried here also . this is very sad . jospeh and [male] worked with a dog named blackie . blackie was buried along side them . [male] washington overlooks this cemetery . he was also buried here .
the conference was being prepared for the people to arrive . the guests were greeted by a couple of presenters . the crowd greeted each other as they arrived . then lectures were given at the conference . after each lecture , they took questions from the audience .
we invited the family over for a crab boil . the kids sat around , useless as usual , as the adults did the work . my mother sat with the baby most of the time . the dog got antsy and started sniffing around for food . then we loaded the crabs in the pan and prepared them for cooking .
it was a beautiful sunday morning , everyone was walking to church . inside everything was ready for the congregation . the people headed to their seats . the pulpit was ready and waiting for the preacher . after the service , everyone headed home .
today i took my best friend to the park to play . all the flowers were in bloom . we spent some time just hanging out . i got to enjoy the beautiful trees . then he helped me cross the street home .
not much has changed in this charming city . the buildings are old . there are old-fashioned phone booths still hanging around . the markets are set up in an old fashioned way . they sell fresh fruits and vegetables . yet , there are still modern-looking areas of the city .
my husband helped out putting up the towns christmas tree . it took all morning just to get it into place . they had to call the fire dept in for back up to help raise it . my son could care less about the big tree . my husband got to climb the fire truck ladder and fix the top of the tree .
demonstration/inspection for the higher ups at our operating base . the officers walk by while we stand at attention in the heat with our equipment on . the pr guy tries to remember what is next on the schedule to show to the bosses . our attention wanders while we wait . the officers take advantage of the delay in the proceedings and go inside where it is air conditioned .
we travel to the wild once we go there we can see the flowers . then we start to walk across the bridge then we reach the other side . finally we get to a cave .
grandma [female] 's birthday was sunday . she was really happy that her grandson [male] was in the area and made it to the little gathering . [male] is a pro wrestler and is quite the villain on tv . but here was family , he was just one of the guys . and everyone seemed to love him , heel or not .
last weekend was home coming weekend for our school . it was the weekend were all the alumni came to watch the games . everyone gathered for the reunion . they had a party with drinks and food afterwards . everyone was so happy to see each other again .
costume parties bring out all kinds of interesting costumes . lots of snacks are provided for the party goers . some partiers put on lots of make up to compliment their costumes . the venue is often decorated to be spooky and dark . however all of the party goers have a great time .
it was the day my boy graduated . i kept the pamphlet that had his name in it . the faculty congratulated my boy on his work . he looked so proud on that stage . i hope that his smile lasts long into his adulthood .
each of these guitars cost $ 2000 . the band dazzled the crowd with music and special effects . [male] gumfrey sang his heart out that night . this performer was amazing , she danced as the music played in the background . [male] sang a song without music that had everyone crying .
this is my uncle at his rehearsal dinner . and here he is with his almost-wife ! i 'm so excited that she 's joining our family . it was hard to get pictures during the wedding , but here they are ! heading down the aisle seconds after being named husband and wife ! the reception was awesome and we had a great time .
when i got back from work there was a lot of people in my apartment . they had a surprise halloween party for me . they were all very happy to see me . some people had some great costumes . i was really happy they threw the party .
there were lots of cars . they were blurry . there was a lake . the tree fell in the lake . i saw a spider too .
some people wore fancy clothes . others did not . he was so mad he threw her out . she needed an escort . at least she had cute shoes .
the night is illuminated with the full moon . the people gather today to sit down for a meal . they 've all ordered food and are now waiting for the waitress . as they waited they took a picture of the sign overhead . the meal finally arrived , and it looks delicious .
the market was having a huge sale today , so the workers expected a lot of people to drive by . before they opened , they set out all of their produce , and made sure there were signs explaining how the sale worked . finally , people started showing up , and the sale was a great hit .
the school for urban planning and architecture had their graduation on [female] 3rd of 2011 . there were several students were that graduated with honors . the students came up and received their diplomas . they walked across the stage proud , and reflected on the knowledge they gained at school .
the chapel area was very simple the bride and groom were very happy together and the marriage license was signed the music was nice and simple and her bouquet was very pretty
my mother hand made these trinkets to sell at the annual arts and crafts fair . this particular piece took her 72 hours to make . the train set she got help with from dad , as it requires some wood work . dad is planning to take this along to the fair , while it is not hand made , he hopes that somebody will be interested . my mom made this for my brother , she still has it , and is debating of to take it to the fair .
when i went on vacation last year i saw some interesting things . there were a lot of unique trees there . they were all very old . they were very unique . i took some samples of them .
i finally arrived at zuni ! i stayed there all the way until it was night time . when it was dark , i wanted to explore the city . unfortunately , it was extremely empty for some reason . i ended up getting a drink at a local cafe .
they finished their performance for the crowd . the basketball player was pumped up after the performance . this man jumped high into the air . this player prepared his next shot . the team in white dominated the team in yellow .
[male] and [female] posing for a picture while waiting for the show to start . [female] brought little suzy along to keep her entertained . [female] rocking the pink cowboy hat like only she can . the light started to fade and the music started . [male] dancing to the beat of the music .
a day at the races with my family . my favorite ; # 55 my dad likes car # 19 . rooting for different drivers makes the races exciting for my family . my brother is a fan of car # 21 . my mom likes car # 44 she could be the biggest fan . car # 07 ended up the winner . well at least we had a good time !
my father bought a boat ride for he and i . the hot beverages were delicious . the on-board diner had a great selection of items . i had a great luncheon at a nice restaurant . i read walls carefully before i enter rooms .
the family is in the room together watching the sports game . the d.v.r . is ready to play the movie . they 're cooking for the famiy this is the family 's favorite book samurai executioner the set for the the show is being set up .
the list of the drinks to buy for the party . got several bottles of liquors . as well as cans of beers . smoking hookah and partying . having a good time with his girlfriend .
our getaway in the outdoors . we love it here . the night had an eerily beautiful sky . sitting by the fire is always a good way to relax . fireworks have always been a hobby of ours , especially out here . time to relax and enjoy some time indoors . we 're sleepy .
our ceo started the meeting by touching on the recent departure of a senior marketing director . he hired from a competitor company with the hope of reinvigorating the marketing department . our ceo asked us all to take a picture together ; it would hang in the new director 's office . after lunch , the marketing director was brought in and introduced to the staff . our ceo closed the meeting with a motivating speech about the company 's prospects with the new-hire heading the marketing department .
the baby was happy to see his father and then went to sleep . the father was holding it and it started to cry so the mother cheered up the baby .
the friends got together for a night out . they met new friends while they were having fun . then they got to know the rest of the people there . some of the them danced on the dance floor . at the end of the night they had made so many new friends .
we went to the organization organization organization for school yesterday . it was a neat museum with everything having to do with teeth . they had rows and charts of books on teeth . they even had some of the instruments that dentists used to use on display . ughhh ! at the end , we saw some of the dentures that the dentists had made .
before the start of the minor league baseball game , fans were allowed on the field . families especially seemed to have fun . before too long , a few players came out and began to stretch out before the start of the game . eventually , that day 's starting pitcher began to warm up . once he finished his throwing , the game would begin .
we walked through the village and saw a hawk flying in the air . the village was covered in mud from all the rain . then we found a frog hiding in the grass . after that came to a sheep with her babies . we watched them as they ate .
the men are all talking happily . the guests wait for the ceremony to start . a picture of the excited wedding party . the group is celebrating with food and entertainment . the wedding party has provided cupcakes for all the guests .
on halloween this year everyone dressed to the nines . some of our friends where devils . others where 70 's disco crazies . the costume party was amazing a bunch of great laughs .
they went to location location on a trip . they could see the location building from their hotel . they could also see the location location . they went to pay their respects to their fallen relatives . the flag at half mast made them feel less alone in their grief .
looks like the ladies are gathering in the kitchen again . aunt [female] retreated to her favorite chair . while aunt mel is enjoying a cold one to celebrate the reunion . uncle [male] ca n't even stay awake . he hates these kind of things . it is great to see the whole family get together again .
the gallery is having some photos that will be seen . this person in a motor scotter has already looked at them . the photo exhibit sign displays what is to come . a man is looking in depth at some of the amazing photos . one of the photos displays the movement from the 60 's for all african americans . more programs are to come and here are some of them on the board .
the tourist decided to go sight seeing today . it was snowy out side . snow covered everything . the tourist managed to take pictures of some statutes . the tourists favorite view was of the city .
the snow hit heavy this year . snow covering most of the trees and ground . the snow dramatically bending a tree from its natural form . the skies are clear and warming up . snow is melting away , coming back next year hopefully .
[male] was proud to be graduating today . after getting his diploma he sat with the other students . he listened to the dean give a speech . he was proud to hold his diploma in his hand . today was great day . the future was bright .
they arrived at the conference and were ready to learn . [male] took the stage and began his lecture . he was helped by [male] , whom placed notes upon the board . they discussed the notes and decided upon a decision . they made a final decision and presented it to the crowd .
visiting a chinese temple with our pet doe . he 's tired but we still have a lot of places we have n't explored . this is [male] doe . get it ? beautiful temple . the red paint very vibrant . beautiful lake . there were also some swans but i did n't take a pic of them .
the bride and groom arrived in style for their elegant wedding . they walked down the aisle and said their vows . then they walked back down the aisle as husband and wife . after the ceremony , they made sure to stop so people could snap some photos , and then they made their way to their reception .
students gather outside of the lecture hall before class . a different view is shown as the picture taker stands upstairs peering down at the mingling students . a replica of a ground satellite perches on a wooden stand in the corner of the room . class begins as the instructor speaks to the class while standing in front of the chalkboard and projector . information is shown on the overhead projector as students take notes .
our family all gathered together before we left for the museum to enjoy on summer break . first stop was to get all the information we needed . the desk kind of reminded me of a joker 's hat for some reason . [female] looked so pretty there . then off to the imaginary subway train to get into the actual museum , we felt silly . but , not as silly as these two who decided to slide down the stair railings . i thought for sure that the security guards were going to ask us to leave ! at the end we took a group picture . we were all so tired and hungry . but over all , we had a delightful day .
graduation day is here at last . my name , [male] quiles , is right there . as i received my diploma i realized something very important . i had spent over 3 years in this school , and have a lot of debt . the truth is , i have zero chance of employment .
i visited a museum today . they had an exhibit on civil rights . the sign said it was from the march on location location . a man was standing in my way , so i waited till he was looking . once he moved , i walked over to see all of the historic black and white photographs , depicting civil rights marchers . it was quite interesting ! there was a sign that mentioned there being more to come at a future date .
yesterday we went to visit the convention center . there were having many large presentations . there were a lot of new tech gadgets there . we got to try out a few of them . after we were done there we decided to go to the autoshow next door .
on the city street , it is rainy . we escape the rain in the train station . this is where we see the amateur dancers on the platform . they prove that break dancing is still popular . here is one of the dancers in his home environment , happy to be out of the rain .
my buddies and i went out for some sightseeing and nightlife . the golden lights were more soothing than neon party lights though . this chandelier that we came across was magnificent . we stopped for a bite to eat at the local fast food place . time to get this guy off of his phone and out to party .
the homecoming dance was last night . so many of the high school students showed up early for pictures . many of the couples were all friends . the kids were so happy to be there . even some of the younger siblings were there ! it was so cute .
this place is a dump . i mean it , a real dump . even the goat was not pleased . who would live like this ? humanity does n't have a chance !
we visited a historic town today . here is one of the older bells they rang there . the roofs of the houses here were so unique . here is a shrine that was in one of the tourist buildings . at night , we visited a pillar .
you come down the road through this neighborhood . in this house , a mother is juggling inside the kitchen . two old women , on the outside deck , also try to juggle . a look of one old woman juggling a green and blue ball . a look of the second old woman juggling a green ball .
[male] and [female] 's christmas party was going swell so far . lots of punk friends and whatnot , it was pretty unorthodox compared to a traditional christmas party . [male] 's brother clearly is n't very good at taking pictures . instead of just hanging around the tree we went outside for a surprise ... . fire swinging performance . it was pretty exciting .
our day begins with a short ride on a water taxi . we wander the aisles in search of some delicious fare . there is much to choose from . we take time to sample some of the local food and rest our feet . heading back we remember another satisfying day .
my friend kept pulling on her ears making faces . we had a lot of food for everyone that night . everyone kept kissing my friend . we played a drinking game . we finished all the beer .
some people went over the top when it came to trying to be scary . a few jack-o-lanterns were reported murdered . some jack-o-lanterns are better looking than others . halloween night even brings them out of the graves . strangers knocking on your door on this night are to be greeted with caution .
someone is in the bushes . he climbs up the bumpy hill . he looks down upon the stream . he comes across a beautiful waterfall . he then finds a secret passageway under the waterfall .
[male] and [female] talk about the seating and office arrangements for the new office . [female] and [male] love [male] and [female] 's ideas . [male] calls in [female] to get help on organizing the new seating charts and office rooms . [female] uses her computer and figures up different ways to set up the offices and seats . after working hard she displays the office chart on the way . everybody has their own chairs and office .
the tourists took a day trip to the organization organization organization organization , a historic landmark . they got to see an old fashioned well that is on the property . the property is located right on the banks of the gorgeous bay . there are lots of historic landmarks throughout the property . as you can see , these buildings are very old . this is [male] hawthorne 's birth house and was built in 1750 !
our boy graduated today , it was a long a journey but he reached end . watching him take that walk to the podium was such a great joy to see ! there were so many happy faces in the crowd that day . it was an emotional night for us all . however in the end seeing his happy face brought a smile to mine !
i had a hard time deciding what to buy at the market today . there were many good deals to be had . i bought some small pumpkins . i also bought these old bananas . after that i went back home to eat .
i rode on the bus to get to work yesterday . it was a long ride . i fell asleep during it . when we finally got close i woke up . i had five more minutes until we would arrive .
my graduation ceremony was a success . mother was more proud of me than her old proudest moment , when i was born . the ceremony lasted about thirty minutes . they yelled out my name and off i went with my diploma . mother says she can not wait for me to make money so she can afford to buy a beach condo .
the guy with the green hat was thinking before going outside and then seeing another guy in a green hat to take a photo with . the guy had a nice day overall .
you took a trip to another country , and saw a castle . after that , you rested and watched a peaceful river . next , as you were walking , you headed down a tiny street . turning the corner , you found a big field , with a cool log carved into a crocodile . you walked through the park until you found the river again . you had a lovely day !
they parked and got ready to be bored out of their minds . the lecture ended up being interesting . someone had to get a replacement marker for the dry erase board . a man 's stomach was growling so loudly everyone could hear it . they wished it was cat videos instead of powerpoint .
we walked through the city at night . we started near some of the castles . they where huge and pretty amazing . we crossed town to go see some more . we ended the night near some of the churches .
[female] was a young woman one time long ago . she married as so many do , nothing strange in that you know . then came the baby that was such a pleasure to watch grow . through all those life events [female] kept her childhood friend flo . when [female] was aged and her husband gone and her child grown , flo was still the best friend [female] had ever known .
little [female] was n't happy about having to wear a dress for thanksgiving . she started to cheer up as more family members came over , and they all made turkey hats to wear . [female] laughed and laughed as her dad pretended to be a real turkey . mom got a little tired of the game and broke open a bottle of wine . their neighbors played along , too , and made matching hats .
when i finally got to the wedding it was just in time . the groom and bride were just married and walking off to the car . afterward i showed up for the food . there were a lot of people there . at night there was a lot of dancing .
grandma is a fantastic bowler . uncle [male] is n't so he would rather take a snack break . the decorations in the bowling alley are just weird . i never know which ball to pick when i bowl . grandma keeps her lucky ball in this bag . she always wins
this is the chapel we wedded at ! such a happy day , here i was with my new sister in law . this was from the earlier wedding , so much dancing ! here at the dinner we had a blasts ! this was the bouquet i threw into the crowd !
we came to this island for a vacation . there were many other tourists like us eating at this place . we drove on the roads in hopes of seeing some sights . we came upon this lighthouse close to the beach . we went up to the lighthouse to explore .
we visited mother 's house for the day . she has a chicken farm . this is the chicken coop . she really loves her chickens . lastly , this was a baby chicken that just hatched from an egg .
a crowd gathered to wait for the concert . some fans decided to have fun while they waited . finally , a speaker introduced the main event . the crowd looked on in anticipation . the people went wild when they show finally started .
one night , we were out at the new neighbors ' place , and had a few beers and drinks while we waited for the food . the pit master , [male] , ended up making a huge fire in a fire pit that he bought . he used some good wood that day . the spread was crazy , but i ended up sticking towards eating wood-smoked hot dogs . it was such a good time that i ended up meeting [female] . we ended up going back to my place for some coffee . [female] was very excited that i had found a woman to suit my needs .
many young people attended the party . they posed for pictures . some dressed up in costumes . even christmas sweaters made an appearance . the teens danced and had fun .
we hit the trail on our bike . everyone was dressed up funny for the day . we took jumps and raced each other . afterwards we all just hung out . we spent the day just riding for fun and hanging out .
our high school marching band looked sharp in the parade . the night before they had to recruit a football player to fill in at trumpet at half time . he was so good , they gave him a regular uniform for the parade . the sophomores had an interesting float promoting crayons instead of pencils for class work . one of the teachers did not appreciate this idea and threw erasers at the float .
saying our vows for our wedding day . i do , i do ! almost time to be mrs . yes , i get to kiss the bride . nervously walking down the aisle as mrs . intruducing mr. and mrs .
we decided to go out and celebrate for st. [male] 's day . we were all ready for a great meal . the meal was delicious . everyone was having a great time . we even did some dancing after our meal .
my wife and i visited a small villiage on the location river in location . this was her , i keep telling her to smile bigger with no luck . although i did n't do much better , even with the great scenery . this shot from up the mountian of this local town was highly impressive . the river was so peaceful and calming , we plan to head back again soon .
this is a speed dating meetup . here , the daters mingle during social hour with live musical entertainment . here is a close-up view of the daters chatting with each other with champagne flutes in their hands . here , two speed daters ( not dating each other ! ) discuss their thoughts on the meetup . this is a to-go table full of snacks for the speed daters to pick up on their way out , provided as a thank you for coming .
the guys were at a meeting and laughing . they presented their ideas and then took photos before talking some more .
i spent all day listening to the speaker talk . he went on for hours . he answered tons of questions . i lost track of time . eventually i fell asleep .
the new organization was unveiled at the car show . it is very sleek and sporty . there were many models to help show off the car . the engine was newly designed for efficiency . this is a beautiful new automobile .
the statue was amazing . the tourist were excited to finally be able to see it . the structure was built decades ago . they took a picture in front of the statue together . the landscape complimented the statue 's appearance .
[female] recently took her family on a vacation . she felt that they needed to get away . they went to visit her parents at their mansion for a little while , but left because she did n't get along with her mother very well . she then checked the family into a hotel for the night . they woke up early and traveled all day and ended up in a different hotel the next night . in the morning they got up early and drove to their destination . they visited a friend in a small town and they had the time of their lives .
we decided to go all out with pumpkin carving this past halloween . this was suppose to turn out to be a tree . it turned out alright ! of course you have to have a basic scary face . the basic essential of all pumpkin carving designs . and you ca n't just have one ! we really had the halloween fever last year . the fun thing about carving is the unlimited designs you can do . from basic designs to ones with one eye and a lightning bolt for the other ... . i ca n't wait to carve again for this upcoming year .
the antique shop had a lot of old things , including this piano , with a copy of beethoven song book . i found this old betamax player . too bad this machine did not do as good as the vhs player . i found this beautiful record player to be in great shape . this old portrait taken in 1928 would surely bring back memories for my grandparents if they saw this . these old movie posters look better than the ones we have today .
the sun rose quietly over the mountain , signalling the start of the new day . a solitary bird looked out over the campground . the young woman looked over the cheese selections and tried to decide which ones she wanted to take back to the campground . the young man smiled confidently for the camera , showing how much he enjoys his vacation . meanwhile , the large spider marched confidently down the hill , preparing to cause havoc at the camground .
my sister 's wedding was such a great event . she really looked beautiful ! my aunt came and brought my two adorable nieces . my sister and her husband looked so happy together . the whole family posed together and it was really hard getting everyone to stand still ! at the end of the night , the happy couple danced together and then took off on their honeymoon .
riders enjoying the day at location location . reviewing the safety guide at the park . what an amazing water slide at the park . a very odd roller coaster in the park . foliage on the grounds of the park .
we go to a park . it is so nice . this lady admires the view . it is so green . she thinks twice about stepping on the plant . she wants to be careful . there is another tree growing near the scene . it is very beautiful . this lady wants to remember this moment forever . she takes a photo next to the tree .
these are the flowers i have picked out for the dessert table at my wedding reception . i asked the florist to add some yellow to the vases that will be on each dinner table . i am so excited to show these bridesmaid bouquets to my girlfriends . this larger arrangement will be at the front of the church with 2 candles on each side . i wanted the groomsmen to match the bridesmaids and found these to be the perfect match .
the track field is very big and it 's a beautiful day to run . many kids gather and play with hoola hoops on the track field . a parent brings her small kid to the track field and lets her watch . a lot of the kids hold up a sign with their handprints on it . after a long day , the kids all enjoy a snack together .
career day at school . lots of good information ! and a lot of good material about any profession you can think of . but our friend [female] was having a hard time deciding what to choose . then we took a 15 minute break to stretch and clear our heads a little . now it 's time to meet with the counselors to answer our many questions .
it 's parade day , and the whole town turns out to watch . there are those who serve our country , and the crowds cheer . there are the bands , and the music is loud but thankfully well performed . the flags are always fun to watch . and of course you get the old cars and their owners traveling through .
setting up the guitars for the concert . rock band rocking the crowd . playing the piano and signing a slow song . playing her solo . dancing on stage .
today there was a race . there were many workers there helping direct people to where they needed to be . there were all types of runners , even those that could not physically run due to not having legs were participating . the crowd was a very large one and everyone was moving to see who would be first . even some parents , including dads came out to push their little ones in the stroller during the race . there was a lady that won first place , and when she crossed the finish line there were no other runners in sight !
ive got an interesting group of friends . they all think they belong in different time periods . so each weekend they get together and play dress up . i think the goal is to look like there from the 70s . but maybe its just to hang out .
a lovely day for a nice wedding . [male] looks at the happy bride and groom and wonders `` will i ever find true love '' the groom is ready for the wedding to get underway . [male] is getting hammered after realizing he will be lonely for the rest of his life . he smiles on the outside but is broken to pieces on the inside .
there are many runners today in the 5k . the runners are all doing their best to finish with their best time . some families who are running together wore the same colored shirts . supporters are lined along the streets to cheer on their loved ones . the winner of the 5k poses for pictures with supporters .
when we arrived for our visit , grandpa was asleep on the couch . we decided to spend some time in the pool . our baby must take after grandpa , taking a nap as well ! the family gathered around the pool , lounging and chatting the day away . later on , we went indoors to share in more conversation with grandma and her sister .
the deer crossed the ice carefully . it saw an eagle on a post . the eagle waited for the deer . the eagle avoided the ice entirely . it was alone as the deer could n't get to it .
the building was large and had a big sign . there was an event for water that many people attended and all had a good time protesting .
this was the large stadium empty . some cars were lined up in front of the building already . this was the view from the goal . the building was slanted and appealed to the younger kids . the area was not well taken care of though .
this was the set up for my friend 's wedding . they looked so happy as they got their vows read . the flower girls were very excited too . the set up of the flowers in the glass was lovely . here was a wide shot of the dining area .
this was a very unique trip . i did n't go inside but had to grab a picture . one shop we went into had lots of old toys . some things were a little weird and i did n't know what they were . these guys were from a famous tv show . i came home with a funny puppet .
it 's the behind the scenes people that really make any sports event special . [female] here , at the coffee station , is as important as any of the runners . the sandbag ladies are a big part of the race , just in case a flood starts during the running . [female] the good witch , the race mascot , is absolutely a crucial part of the fun . and [female] , the finish line umbrella woman , is a special lady indeed !
today we went to a board meetings there were lots of executives there [male] [male] was sitting at a table enjoying a nice drink then i saw brad smith chatting in the hallway and said hello after the meeting we walked home
on our evening walk we found a soccer team having a match at a local park . the blue team was from our local community , so we naturally cheered for them . the opposing team was from a nearby city and they played very wel . our local team was very aggressive with the ball but they had their work cut out for them . the game went on even after the sun went down , but i was glad we stayed and watched .
we walked through the junk yard . tires where everywhere in there . most of the vehicles there where pretty messed up . some where in better condition then others . we got to take a look inside of a few .
i love nature . look at all the colors . the flowers were pretty . the lily was huge . and the leaves were abundant .
today i married my husband.the reception started off with our first dance . during the dance my husband made me laugh and everyone thought that was funny . a few of my friends started the party off right by getting down and dancing . after the other goers seen the few start dancing , everyone joined in . at the end of the night , even the camera man seemed to be having a lot of fun .
our business hosted its winter holiday party at a hotel . the food was served as a buffet . all the young workers sat at one end of the table . the older co-workers sat at the other end of the table . in the end , both young and old co-workers stayed until closing time for the hotel restaurant .
[female] was driving up north to visit her parents . though it was n't the drive she loved . she would take i-80 and eventually merge on to i-95 north . [female] looked up at the sky . it looked like rain was coming . she hated driving in the rain . [female] saw many big trucks going the opposite way . it must be a big day for deliveries she thought , as she continued her journey . [female] thought to herself , thank you lord , the skies have cleared up . it did n't look like rain anymore , but she still had four more hours of driving before she 'd reach her parents house in location .
we decided to visit a big city for vacation . it had wonderful views , especially in the morning . i was able to see for what felt like miles . there were many buidlings in the city . some of the buildings were huge and went high into the air .
i attended this street party in location . the place was crowded with people and ladders . the street food had a lot to be desired however , did n't even get buns with the hotdogs . the reason for this party was because of an asian boyband . all the girls fangirled for these guys as they walked down the street singing .
was headed to my friends house and noticed the sky looks alittle cloudy.hope it does n't rain . while we waited on some food to start cooking we had a couple drinks . after the drinks it was about time to start preparing the other dishes.so we chopped and cut some vegetables . unfortunately we burnt dinner and ran off to the bathroom to put out a small fire.the kitchen sink was full of dishes . after ordering take out food , we decide to watch sports on tv because it started raining like i thought it would earlier.overall it was a great time with friends .
the three best friends stand together for a photo right before their prom . one of the girls dates surprises her with some flowers . the other girl examines the corsage that her date brought her , as she is afraid it does n't match her dress . as it turns out , she does n't really care , as long as she 's with the one she cares about . the group then posed for one last photo before they head off to their first , and possibly last , prom .
today was the big day to receive certification . they had trained hard for months . [male] said he 'd never seen so many qualified people in one room . [female] wished she had n't worn the red jacket . they posed for a photo and soaked in the glory of accomplishment .
it was a bright and sunny day yesterday . i was so excited because i was graduating . my boyfriend had shown up to support me as well ! we took a lot of pictures throughout the day . we did n't have much to do while waiting for the ceremony to start . there were tons of people in the stadium after it began .
there were many impressive examples of vintage cars at the family event . live music was playing all around us throughout our stay . there was a watermelon eating contest the kids could participate in . some adults took a shot at it too . many men were showing off their impressive beards .
today was the home coming game at my daughter 's high school . a lot of her friends were jealous that she was in the running from home coming queen . this young man was also in the running but no one thought he would win . alas , another girl won home coming queen that night as you can see , the homecoming court were elated .
i took my wife to couple 's support group . we discussed our communication difficulties with other couples . a therapist helped us to learn techniques . afterwards , we went out to eat with our daughter . she had bought us a flower arrangement , which was nice of her .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i love this place
everyone was excited about my brother 's last hockey game of the year . the crowd was enthusiastic and loudly cheering . i think mom was more excited than anyone else because she cheered the loudest . after the game , people sent paper lanterns floating up into the air to celebrate the win . the night ended with a great firework display .
the baby was dressed as a spirit for halloween the other kids were also dressed as vampires . but the little one was so warn out she went to sleep right in the middle of the event mom woke him up , when they had to go . he was still exhausted they took pictures of the whole family before going home .
i went around town testing out my new camera by taking pictures of various buildings . i found out there 's a lot of statues to be found too . some of the buildings are old and falling down . the artwork is impressive on some of them . i wish i could get closer to some to get a better shot of them .
this is [male] . he is the best dj in the location area ! everyone asks him to come and dj their events . everyone has amazing fun with [male] ! and at times , he gets a little wild and crazy !
i went to the party last night . we made a lot of delicious food . the neighbors were invited as well . the dogs were very hungry . we cut the cake at the end .
family and friends came to visit [male] at his commencement . even his great-aunts came ! they looked in the program to find his name before the program started . they were eager for it to start ! they finally saw [male] and snapped a photo of him !
the turkey was cooked so we pulled it out of the oven . my sister put the beans in a dish . everyone scrambled to sit down . we started to cut the turkey . after everyone relaxed with a smoke and wine .
the family has a house on the lake they visit every year on vacation . they own acres of land that is very beautiful during the summer months . they also have over 20 acres of land for sale . that will sell real easy this time of year . next to their lake house is a boat dock where they house several boats they own . this boat dock is the only one in town and it is a beautiful resort during the spring and summer .
a party was getting underway , with somebody picking up a guitar and playing a song . now a friend has joined in and is playing music at the party . one more friend has gotten in on the act and is singing along with her friends ' guitar playing . other guests are enjoying the performance . afterwards , everyone gathered around the television to watch a show .
i found these old pictures in the closet . i think this is a school picture of my great-great-grandfather . he was the middle child . this is him with his two siblings . family history says he was good-looking . there sure seem to be more pictures of him than anyone else . he certainly was popular with the ladies !
although i ca n't wait for the school year to finish , i 'm looking forward to the prom . my friends looked cute with their prom dates , especially my date who just arrived . i never knew we can become photogenic within one day . before we went to the hotel , all of us got together for a picture .
there was an out break last week . me and my team where sent to take a look at what we could do . we meet with some suits before we went in . after we found nothing we went and talked to the locals . some of them even wanted to take pictures .
carpentry and wood working show was organized in location . children learned how to cut the wood with a saw . there was a demonstration on making wooden design using special software . children learned how to use hammer and nails . the show ended with the closing remarks from mr. smith , the best carpenter in location .
i went to the park with my dog today . i brought all my books to read . i took some pictures by the tree . i also brought a hat for myself . it was rather sunny out .
there was an event on the docks . there would be fresh food . a nice little park , and an explosion of fireworks . we chatted over food and dessert .
i went to the museum last week . there were many strange robots there . they had some that looked like insects . others looked like animals . i spent a few hours there .
everyone gathered for the presentation . people took their seat and it began . the speakers made good points . afterwards , we had some food and talked . all in all it was a good day .
they people parked their car next to the curb under the light pole . they took a walk on the sidewalk and passed others that were walking and standing around . the moon was shining bright that night . there were buildings on each side of the street . the night was coming to an end and every departed .
friends gathered in the basement for a night of games and fun . there is plenty of alcohol for a good time . the friends catch up and start drinking out of blue cups . then the games begin on the television . the simple game keeps the party goers busy and occupied .
my husband made reservations for us at a very nice restaurant . they did n't give you much food . there was only a few tiny pieces of meat . my husband ordered the steak . our deserts then came .
the guys got together to discuss their plans . he caught lobster . the baby was prepared for the big day . he was very supportive of the foundation . we were excited to see the monument .
this is a picture of a soldier . this is a picture of a helicopter . this is a picture of cops on motorcycles . this is a picture of a man on a motorcycle . a flag is waving in the distance .
the stadium was about to be packed for the vt commencement ceremony ! all of the graduates were anxious for it to start . finally , it began , the degrees distributed . each were individually called , and received their own diploma to display !
this day was full of fun . our team building event included organization ball . and the cake for desert pretty much got eaten all up . here 's a photo of our photographer taking pictures of the event . and here 's our ceo throwing the bocce ball . had to take a final photo of our team .
we went to the stadium early to eat and sight see before the game . the view was incredible . you could see the entire city . we got to our seats , and could n't believe how close to the field they were we could see all the action . once the national anthem was sung , and the first pitch was thrown , the excitement began . it was a great game !
i love going to the art fest . me and my mom got our faces painted . my daughter was transformed with the face paint . so many people had booths there . my husband even had a good time
almost every dad likes beer . fathers day is a great day for dads . there was free beer for dad ! the pub took reservations early . lots of people took their fathers out for free beer .
the festival of native arts was wonderful . first , we learned how to make a fire . next , there was a weaving demonstration . it was fascinating . the basket that got woven was raffled off later in the day . the dancing lesson got all of us laughing ! we loved the show of carved wood . i could n't help but buy a few carved animals .
lots of people showed up to the parade we watched the band march then we observed then eating i then posed for pictures then continued watching the band march
before going to my storage locker i stopped off for some food . this place always serves up great sandwiches . after eating i made it the storage unit . it is so full of papers and other things that i do not need . i found this old desk in there that i forgot i had .
we 're here today to commemorate a fallen soldier . there are even helicopters . [male] apple , a brave soldier . [female] he rest in peace . the mother of [male] apple .
we had a party at the student center . it was a lot of fun watching the ballgame with friends . a few guys had video games going . our mascot got his dinner . ping pong was a big hit and much more fun than the video games .
i went to the race last week . there were many people there . i was there to support my friend . she finished in first place ! afterward i took her out for dessert .
we had been waiting for a very long time for the performance to start . the first one up was the oldest man in town and he was going to perform on the piano . thousands of people listened as he played . next up were the speeches by the local politicians on stage . everyone was captivated by the speeches .
its a barber yumyum virtual world you can create your own icecream or take a ride on the virtual carousel it shows you life is like a puzzle and you build coliseums of life
i take boring pictures . here is my clock . here is my coffee . here 's a book i saw . i need to get out more .
on the stage , nervous as can be . they had trouble finding there seats . the girls and me finding an uptick beat . as you can tell we had no trouble filling the seats . here 's a memory of you and me .
the mood of this private party was jovial and quite cheerful . as you can see , plenty of refreshment was available . the party goers were all talking and having a great time . the party even included some video games for everyone to play . this game i found particularly interesting and challenging .
a tourist is viewing the attractions . the guards are clearing out the area . the people are protesting . the guards are stopping the protest . a man is handing a taxi driver money .
a trip out on the ocean for the guys very relax on the boat on the ocean there is a beautiful view of a town having some fresh fish for dinner sitting around getting to start dinner
we passed a small waterfall small and natural structures were around the lake . every little ways we would come up to another waterfall . then , hidden away was a tiny mill . we followed the dried up stream that used to feed it .
today at the museum we saw some interesting things . the funeral car key to lincolns car was very interesting . we also saw lincolns coffin handle . the museum was very interesting and made me think about american history . at the end of the day i really did learn a lot .
i went to a 90 's movie themed party yesterday ! i had quite a few drinks . [female] was there . [female] went along , as well ! i had a great time .
[female] made her special cookies every halloween she had something for the kdis this year it was some big red lips and followed by some spooky ghosts and uh oh looks like someone spoiled kathy 's cookies
i love taking trips to the market . its a bit of a drive but well worth it . they have fresh vegetables and fruit all week . as well as plenty of fish and meat . the best part has to be the people though .
my favorite event of the year the annual technology show . absolutely everyone is there and organization always has a big crowd . the new hbd model glaxon 4 looks like an amazing toy - got ta get me one . of course the iphone always makes an impressive showing . now a new part of the show - new technology for my favorite toys - shiny cars !
our group before heading out to look for mushrooms . someone made a very creative face with this log end . some non edible but neat looking mushrooms . the scrambled egg mushroom , aptly named . [female] taking a long drink after a few hours of foraging .
it was our first dinner with our families . it was a chance for them to meet before my fiance and me got married . it was a bit nerve wracking , but we held in there . her mom an dad were actually pretty cool people . overall i think it went pretty well .
[male] moved to location this past weekend . [male] is living in an apartment close to the beach . all around [male] 's apartment are some massive mansions that celebrities live in . [male] thinks he is gon na like living in location . [male] spends most of his time now out on the beach catching some rays and relaxing .
i got to watch two of my good friends get married this weekend . after they danced they went to cut the cake . the bride was having fun with it ! even the kids had a great time dancing on the dance floor . the groom was almost in disbelief with how much fun everybody was having . by the end of the night some of the kids just wanted to sit down and relax ; they were tired of dancing .
this town was famous , well kind of . [female] white holmes was from here and in 1930 she invented jiffy mixes . a map on a wall directed you on a walking tour . you could visit the old mill . if that did n't float your boat , you could always go to the purple [female] .
i saw the bird as soon as i walked in and froze . i did n't know if i should photograph it quietly or shoo it away thru and open window . i was enamored by the lighting upon the bird . i tried to photograph it , but of course it moved around when it recognized that i was there . i ended up getting an okay photo , just not the one i wanted .
i posed with my son on his first day of school . my husband 's turn . my two handsome men ! my son was a little nervous and very excited to meet his new classmates . his teacher graciously allowed me to take a classroom photo . he 's loves school and is hard at work . i 'm so proud of him !
so this is where all the beautiful landscape screenshots come from ! is this a place to live forever , or what ? oh , my gosh , just build me a tiny house and i 'm all here ! and castles - they have castles , too ! what an impressive mountain !
i went to see a historic lighthouse yesterday . it was a small lighthouse at the end of a point . it had a black base and a white top , near it was a mile marker to other locations . the plaque at the base told me when the lighthouse was in use . i got a really cool picture from right at the bottom , it looked great .
they decided to have their wedding at the church . the bride started getting ready . the bride finally put her dress on . the bride and the groom said their i do 's . the whole family got together for a group picture .
after many years of working as a waitress during the day and going to school at night , today was her time to shine . the new graduate showed off her diploma and posed with her roommate . next , she posed with her younger sister . the little sister was a bit startled when her older sister and sister 's roommate smothered her with kisses . finally , the new graduate made her way off the school 's green field for the last time .
the local native american tribe had a festival and the had a bon fire . the women showed everyone how to make things out of feathers . the showed people how to make baskets . they then had a dance and everyone joined in . the last thing they did was show us how to make arrow heads .
i love taking pictures of flowers . when they are in a bunch they are beautiful . even flowers that stand alone are beautiful . the colors are amazing . even the individual petals make a great photograph .
there was a full moon that night . the forest was perfectly spooky looking . they found an old path . if they saw sticks tied together like the [male] witch movie , she intended to run . she was relieved when they got to the castle safe and sound .
i put on some tunes to set the thanksgiving day mood . i preemptively set the table . i made sure the living room was clean for my guests . then i learned how to cook real quick . i think it turned out great . lovely meal .
we made our way to the location location location . we stopped at a vista and looked out to the bay . other people were watching the boats below from the bridge . we saw a bird fly down in front of us . we even saw a trolley pass by .
we had an award ceremony for the seniors last night . so many people were there to attend . we gave out a lot of awards that night . they were all so proud to receive them . it was a great night and everyone was so happy !
a girl looks at a dying sunflower . she then sees a fat squirrel eating . she looks at purple flowers . but then she goes back to the fat squirrel . she then comes across a flower she did n't see before .
last week i decided to take my car to the race track . there were many other people there with their own cars out on the track . some of them were very fast . i had a lot of fun racing with them . i hope i can go back again soon .
the reading terminal market , let 's see what they have in here today . fresh sausages and i some of each time . a hot sandwiches with greens on top , yum ! in the restaurant looking out . beautiful building and the colors flow lovely together .
this was the wedding cake at my friend 's wedding . they had premade napkins . there was a lot of family and friends at the wedding . they had cute decorations . here is the bride smiling happily .
uncle [male] was in charge of the drinks for the superbowl party . my siblings were all excited for the game . a missed pass had everyone groaning . almost everyone was absorbed by the game except mom . cousins [male] and [male] were relegated to the basement because they were steeler fans .
the boys are both dressed up and ready to have some fun . [male] is dressed up like a scientist . do you like his little mustache ? [male] is dressed up like a firefighter ready to save the day . before they got out trick or treating , the boys went to check on some awesome pumpkin decorations . they are ready to go and grab some sweets .
he is excited to have graduated from college . a group of graduates stand on the field before their graduation ceremony begins . one graduate waves to his family watching in the stands . one graduate goes out to eat with his dad and uncle . after the ceremony , the family relaxes by the pool .
testing my new amazing camera . the close up shot of this cactus is amazing . the quality . i try to get an even closer view of the cactus . the quality is still there . this squirrel is actually 30 feet away from me . i kept zooming in and got this amazing photo . the details of this shot is amazing . you can see all the pores on the tips .
[male] and [female] went for a hike . they cam across a nature photographer . the photographer asked jill to pose for him . so she did in a house . and she also also posed outside .
we do n't get a lot for snow in our area , but we were amazed to see the tv truck pull up outside of work . it appeared that they had selected our parking lot to do their live feed from . the newscaster got out and they did the shot , broadcasting live as we all watched . she was very nice and suggested that we line up behind her for when they came back from commercial . so we did , and she asked us each what we thought of the snow on the air . it was pretty cool .
there were a bunch of students gathered at the ceremony yesterday . many people had shown up to give their support to the graduates . the students were very excited to graduate . afterward we all got together for a small party at my house . then we spent some time swimming in the pool .
the bride and groom walked to their limo . their family and friends watched them get in . as they headed to the limo they grabbed a bottle of champagne . they toasted with the champagne once they got in the limo . the bride smiled on her happy day .
we arrived at our beach house late at night . i was there with my family . in the morning , we walked on the shore . here are my mother and sister walking around . the view from the shore was beautiful .
the three of us went out the other night and had a blast . the hand made brews were to die for . even this little kid thought so . the food was n't bad either but i preferred the brews . on the way back we got a couples photo with the dark waters behind us .
the college students gathered for a party . [male] played the guitar . then [male] took over on banjo . organization organization made an appearance . [male] played video games as the party wrapped up .
i filled the vase up with water . i added the roses to the vase . i put the in at a time . they were fully bloomed . and the perfect red color .
the veterans memorial was a long and gruelling process to procure . details took weeks to settle for everything , from the size of american flag to fly , to the genus of tree to be planted . there was even a book written about it . but the day came to open the park , and it was all spectacular . the team could look out over there work and know they honored their servicemen well .
everyone is all dressed up nice to attend the festival . so many great shows this year , and talented entertainers . the rides are the best , no expense was spared . even a daring trapeze act to delight the crowd some just like to enjoy the great music .
already dressed for the party , he sits in the office waiting for the day to be over . they head out into the park in order to show off their costumes . they meet some onlookers who begins to ask them questions . after leaving the park , the couple head downtown they recharged with a coffee break
this is my last year as dean of this college . some photos of a recent event . talking to some of the teachers after a speech . giving a speech to the last students to graduate under my watch . shaking the valedictorian 's hand .
the tigers got the tip off at the beginning of the game . but soon the bears took over . one fan slipped on the floor but was helped by the mascot as the cheerleaders looked on . the bears continued to lead the game . all the way until the final shot . 99-60 .
the food is ready and smelling so good . even the table decor is looking great . lets have some wine with this dinner to loosen everyone up . everyone is eating , drinking and enjoying themselves at dinner . someone had a little too much wine tonight .
this building is now over 200 years old . the men were on a break and talking about the war . the trees in the front yard were large . back in the day there were a lot more trees in the neighborhood . this house is still standing and looking great today .
we went into the city today for the parade . it was an asian-themed parade , with many different exhibits . some were pretty , and some were funny . some even told a story . all in all , it was a fun celebration .
the sky was so blue that day , we knew it would be beautiful out . everyone had set up their tents the night before and were waiting . then , one by one they came to the stages . the stage was crowded around by so many people . the bands were so amazing to see live .
the church that the marriage was to be held at was a historic one . the bride and the groom posed happily on their wedding day . the best man and one of the bridesmaid decided to smile for the camera . the best man and one of the groomsman look happy to be a part of something important . after the wedding , everyone hit the dance floor to party the night away .
my name is [male] , and i 'm testing my black and white camera for the school halloween party . here 's [female] in her costume . and [female] came with her friends . [female] went as little bo peep . everyone had a great time , and so did i .
just a get together - everyone 's so happy . some more than others . we 're all photogenic people . candid shot . we liked to sing .
the bar life is unique . there 's almost always good music . if you are looking for good food , you can count on it being there . sometimes live musicians play and you get the opportunity to meet them . there are plenty of bars around the world and they are all unique in their own way .
the organization organization organization organization sponsored a car show recently . folks brought their classic cars for display and meet other car enthusiasts . for entertainment , several bands played throughout the day . there was a watermelon eating contest for the kids . and the event sponsors all donned their most fashionable fake mustaches for the parade !
i threw a party for all of my friends yesterday . i rented a space out and we all showed up in costumes . everyone sat around and had a great time . some people brought some elaborate costumes to the party . after a while everyone was tired and went home .
the people were volunteering when they read the article . then they chopped wood and saw flowers before talking at the table .
here is a ticket we saved from the 2011 organization division i women 's basketball championship played at location location on march 28 , 2011 . here is a picture of some of the women players getting fired up before the game . the game was covered by organization so it was a big deal for women 's basketball . you can see the good sportsmanship being shown between the two teams right before tip off . the thrill of victory is savored by the winners as one by one they climb the ladder to each take turns cutting down the net as is tradition .
i had to finish the construction project as fast as possible . the deadline was next week . i still had to do all of the electrical . i called some people to help me . the place was packed and we finished it up by the end of the week .
the kids were excited about the first day of swim team . the coach got the youngest swimmers into the kiddy pool to let them know what to expect . swimmers were expected to have goggles and a swimsuit . there was a good ratio of coaches to swimmers , so every child had some attention . the swimmers had a fun time learning and practicing for their first meet .
many birds were present in the inner city . the family took a picture of all the birds . the family walked towards the center of the city in search of riding a gondola . after riding a gondola , we decided to visit a cathedral . we were beginning to get hungry . the table in the middle is where we decided to eat . the family tried fresh fruit . most of the fruit was bought at these little merchant stands throughout the city .
she volunteered to work in the campus garden . it was starting to look better with each passing day . she hoped to get large potted plants to put in each arch . the flowers she had planted were doing exceptionally well . for her , it was a labor of love .
there was an indian dance wedding today . there was a lot of dancing . the bride and groom 's first dance . it was all smiles and laughter . the whole family was there !
i thought i was going to a cool party but it was full of nerds . i thought i would make the best of it and busted out the guitar . i was informed organization organization disapproved . they then went back to gaming . i decided if they wanted to treat the gaming like real life it was time to step it up a notch ... ..game on . pew !
it was time for practice , and he wondered how they always managed to tangle the wires . it would be easy to trip over the wires , and even just standing there , he could see that . he adjusted the cymbals , wondering if the session would be successful . he began with one of the softer songs , loosening up his vocal cords . as his voice warmed up , he tested some louder notes , thinking this recording session would work out fine .
i drove by and saw a truck pulled over on the highway . he told me he was sick of his company that he worked for because his truck kept breaking down . i gave him my contact info for my trucking company . he then quit his company and joined mine . he quickly became acquainted with the fellow workers of the new company .
graduates file onto the field for their graduation ceremony . the field is becoming an excited sea of blue and white . the dean gives his speech to the families and graduates . the students wait anxiously for the dean to be done so they can officially graduate . proud family members line up to pose with the new graduates .
this was going to be a problem . they would have to take the damn thing apart . analyze it . reconfigure it . and put it back together again .
a soldier 's funeral includes folding the flag that draped the coffin . he died a hero and will be remembered by all whose lives he saved . after the flag is silently folded it is presented to family . i saw some old classmates that came to pay their respects . they had n't seen the fallen soldier since high school but felt compelled to attend the funeral .
today was one of the days i had been waiting on for a while . we had a ceremony for the aviation committee and it felt great . i got to speak in front of everyone . this was my first time public speaking and i was very nervous . i got through it and it felt so good to do something new . getting pinned was the best part of the day .
[male] insisted on going to the museum this month . the reason was because it was having a photo exhibit of the civil rights movement . he took his time examining each photo . all of them were pristine in black and white themes . before he left he made sure to check the upcoming programs so he would know when to come back .
friends having fun at the halloween party . table full of appetizers . eating eyes for desert . chips and bloody brain dip made of salsa . boyfriend and girlfriend having fun .
the computer it in our department tried to help the company set up the server . upon inspection , the computer it realized that someone had tried to reconnect the wires . all the wires for the computers were tangled . the misplaced wireds caused the computers and internet connection to malfunction . as a result , the company had to send us home early . the computer it spent over 4 hours trying to fix all the tangled wires . the company sent out an email . they prohibit any of the employees from entering the data center room .
i waited in line at the party until i could grab some food . i was so hungry . after i ate i decided to get the cake . there was a lovely cake in the fridge and i cut and served it . everyone enjoyed it . afterward we all got together for a group photo .
during my walk through the town i saw the interesting colors of the buildings . dad walked with me too and really enjoyed himself . my brother enjoyed the company but no so much the town . his wife and child seemed bored by the end of the trip . on the way back from our walk we saw a boy sitting there eating his noodles and i wondered if he had a home .
it was a sunny afternoon , and we had planned to check out the parade . mom and baby were both dressed up festively . we had a lot of fun watching all of the floats and cars go by . i loved the antique fire truck that we saw . afterward we and the rest of the crowd dispersed and headed home .
a woman was being walked down the aisle to meet her groom . she was so excited to say her vows and marry her husband . afterwards , the groom gave a toast . then , they cut their cake . they spend the rest of the night dancing .
we are going to watch a baseball game today . the players are doing a great job . we even got to interact with the crowd . the mascot was great , and very funny . final score is here , what a great day .
cat begging for food on the sidewalk . taking a quick breakfast before going out . going on a boat ride in the need by island . going mountain bike riding with family and friends . quick lunch after going bike riding .
we went to a market in location location today . they had all these small shops . one shop even sold all these flowers . there were tons of food vendors . we ended up getting a lot of peppers .
here we are getting ready for our 4th of july trip . we decided to barbque here is the goods . here is a picture of the campsite when we went on a walk . i was able to get a picture of the fireworks boat . the end of the day fireworks we had a great day .
pepper found her way home . she went chasing after a butterfly . she chased to the woods . we found her by the water . she has gotten frightened .
invitation to the fangoria event . a couple dressed for the fangoria party . a girl sings at the party for entertainment . gentleman sings a the party to entertain the party goers . someone had a bit of a problem while getting to the party hence the bloody outfit .
going site seeing . the carnival is a great place to start , with all the colors and rides here at the merry go round , all the colors are bright and beautiful . a great site to see . here is more common sight . the camera is watching us . here , we all got together to discuss the sites we 've seen , and continue with our trip . now , it 's the end of the day . a compilation of great architecture and landscaping . a beautiful scene .
we went to the park together to play . [male] was very good at throwing the balls a far distance . [female] just posed with them . [female] held on to them before her turn to throw them . then we decided to sit down for a picnic .
the stairs meandered down the hillside among the lush , tropical vegetation . the sounds of the small brook were peaceful . a small waterfall intensified the sounds of the water . the underbrush was thick . a larger waterfall was ahead beyond the path .
i 'm taking a banking class so that i can get a promotion . this requires much too much thought . card goes in this way . i just wish everyone would sit down so i can see . this is the questions and answers part . very personal , not with a group .
i ate a lot of food last night at the party . i invited all of my friends over . some of them also brought their guitars . we played games in my room all night . afterward we were hungry so we went to the kitchen . there was no food in the kitchen so we decided to pool our money together for pizza .
young adults from local school come to learn about running a business in a business like meeting . during this time the high schoolers were given snacks and drinks as it were a long session . here is the whole group that participated that day.including the key speaker and ceo . a colleague and partner chiming in on what it takes to run a successful business . finishing up a dramatic , i was where you were.not thinking it was all possible.here i am today speech .
the archaeologists get to work bright and early in the morning . three of them are sifting through rocks . one of them is digging a rectangle hole . another sifts through the rubble more carefully than the others . so far , they 've found a bottle in the excavation site .
i saw my son 's band play at a bar . his drummer is named [male] . [male] is very polite if you are polite to him . when you are not polite to [male] , he insults you and your son . afterward , [male] acts overly polite and tries to scare you with how friendly he is .
we sat back before the interview started . we got our hair done . we had chips to snack on . we started our skit . it was great .
we went to the city today . we took lots of pictures . we went and got something to drink . we really enjoy the juice bar . we had a great day .
i went down to the beach last week . the sun was setting so we decided to head to head to the hotel instead . it was a long drive . when we finally arrived it took forever to find a parking space . we had a good night 's rest .
i went to a conference . these were the key speakers at the event . they were very vocal about their game . this man moved a lot of people emotionally . they sat in a panel and answered questions .
i went down to the pier with my family last week . we ate at a restaurant by the water . the weather was great that day . we had a great time at the restaurant . after we finished we went down to the water to play some games .
the registration process was as simple as it could get . it was great to run into my buddy [male] . and i certainly took note of all of the sponsors that participated in the event . [male] showed off his new golfing skills . overall , it was great to get out with the wife and do something that i enjoy for a change .
[male] decided to go on a trip to see some car races in location . while there , he got to meet and greet some of his favorite professional race car drivers . he got to take pictures from the side of the track that was not open to just anyone . [male] has had a love of race cars and car racing from a young age . at the end of the night , [male] received a jacket from his favorite driver 's sponsor . it was a great day for [male] !
eleni was very proud to be graduating . her family gathered to celebrate . they were also proud of her achievement . everyone enjoyed themselves while celebrating with her . the delicious graduation cake was the perfect end to a fun event .
decided to explore at an abandoned junkyard today . lots of wrecked cars and vans and trucks , everywhere . not to mention the hundreds of tires . think this is just some broken down junk ? nope . apparently , someone lives here . the warehouse was oddly beautiful . we 'll explore it more deeply the next time we come out .
[female] 's wedding day was finally here and the excitement surrounding the event was immense . as her father walked her down the aisle , she looked breathtaking in a stunning a line gown with a simple bouquet of purple flowers . the site for the wedding was extravagant and immense . the aisles were filled with people . even the videographers were captivated by how stunning the event was . the reception took place right next door and a good time was had by all at this very memorable event .
work was very fun yesterday because everyone dressed up for halloween . some people had uniforms as costumes . most people took the time to dress up nicely . there were a lot of great costume ideas . everyone had a great time .
the tour took place in the ruins of a thai village . they showed us the old buddisht temple remains . the old trees around the property were thousands of years old . they grew deep and wide into the ground . the old decaying structure was a great and scary .
i anticipated on having a good halloween today . not only did my co-workers participate by wearing costumes but they were in the spirit of decorating the office . the day did n't stop after work since our neighbor was throwing a huge party . even his wife was delighted .
they are having fun with their first kiss . all the teens are enjoying the party . one of the teen poses for a picture . the party is a blast . you can see as this young man poses . smiling as he enjoys the party with his friends .
and so i had arrived and i know the train was a little early . i looked around the station , expected to see him waiting for me . pretty soon the place emptied out but he still was n't there and i had looked everywhere for him . i finally had to call him and it turned out he forgot he was supposed to meet me . we ended up having a great night out and i forgave his forgetfulness .
when i was on vacation yesterday there was a lot of snow . the buildings were all very old and unique . i had a great time there . the town i stayed in was small . they were okay with smoking .
the bikers gather for the race . a team gathers in a field to discuss the route they will all take . the first biker sets off on the course on a path through a forest . he overcomes obstacles as he comes across them . he speeds over the wooden bridge feeling it shake beneath him .
i 've always felt like halloween should be for kids , but a guy at my work invited me to his adult halloween party this year . i was truly surprised how much people did it up . i ca n't imagine adults making ninja turtle costumes . my friend did an [male] powers thing . he said it made all the woman randy . i have to admit it was fun seeing women in their costumes . and there was a good deal of beer flowing freely , which made me a little more into the whole thing !
a group of students gathered together in the building . it is comicon and everyone is very excited . it is rainy and dreary outside . the staff quickly makes food and drinks for the people who are there . two girls are dressed as the same character .
a family gets together after dinner to care the pumpkins . one pumpkin even gets a [male] mask to make it more festive . the house is decorated outside for the trick or treaters . three carved pumpkins add a spooking glow in the dark . pink lights shine down on the decorated front porch .
it was my bands first big break . we got a gig playing at the local bar for a night . needless to say we were stoked . we took tons of promotional photos . and then had a great dinner after to celebrate .
we went to the beach on holiday . it was a beautiful day , and i saw nature like i had never seen it before . during lunchtime we went to a local cafe and enjoyed the ambiance . we saw some of the local artistry on the way back to the beach . it was a gorgeous day to spend with family .
the family visited location during the fall . the children begged their mother to make a funny pose in front of the pharaoh statues . we took a few pictures of our children next to camels . the family was hesitant in climbing the pyramid . we decided to take a picture of the pyramid from afar . if we visit location again , the family will not be afraid to climb the pyramid .
[female] asks the group , `` did you see what [female] is wearing ? '' the group begins to whisper about [female] . [male] is appalled at what [female] is wearing . he attempts to ignore [female] 's appearance and continue with his speech . [female] holds back a laugh when she spies [female] 's outfit .
upon seeing the sign , everyone knew that the rave was going to be fun . he did n't know what to expect going in but found that he was having a great time . he even made a friend or two once the party started . his sister found the party props made it all seem even more exhilarating . the lights from the rave danced along the dark lit room to create a dazzling effect as everyone danced the night away .
[female] smiles at me before the party began . the daddies had a little discussion before the party . [female] makes a silly face for the camera . [male] holds his baby so she can see the activity . the children waited with excitement for the singers to arrive .
museum display of a block of butter , knife , and jelly at the organization organization of art and design . close up picture of the artwork . setting up second exhibition . exhibition three , basket of lobster name the crown . closeup realistic of two lobsters and claws .
it was a beautiful spring morning in [female] , not so long ago . [female] and [male] , who had been friends forever , decided to spend the day at the beach . they walked along the path by the shore , greeting the people they met along the way . then , they walked along the shoreline until they came to the lighthouse . it was a long and lovely day which they finished by watching the sunset together from the shore .
historic site of where battle in 1862 had taken place . this is an old worn out sign of the historic site of location location location . long lonely path leading to the historic site . here is an information sign about the battlefield and what had taken place . the battlefield is surrounded this pond of water .
the family got together to go to the fair . when they arrived they saw some airplanes in the back of a truck . the kids had a hard time deciding what to ride first . then they played some games to win prizes . finally they played the dart game .
top o ' the morning to you . it 's st. [female] 's day , and we begin the day with a beer bath ... literally . later in the day , a bunch of maybe-irish , maybe-not-irish people gather to plan the day for st. [female] 's day . the group make their way to a bar and pose for pictures in their st. [female] 's day regalia . during st. [female] 's day , everyone is your friend . kissing - they 're irish . or not . it does n't matter because everyone is irish on st.patty 's day .
hello my friends , can you see my dark shades ? sure we can see , see how we are having fun down here we are dancing and moving around in a circle oh here is my family pictures you see it is time for us to take a walk with mum
we took a walk through a bird park this afternoon . there were woodpeckers . we even saw many bird 's nest around . the mountains were lively with water falls . we saw many cool looking insects like this buttlerfly .
[female] wanted to thank everyone for coming to her engagement party . her mom and grandma are so happy that [female] was able to find someone . her sister [female] made her cake for the party . at the wedding , [female] suggested the chocolate fountain . her niece [female] was very happy about that .
here is [female] getting ready for the costume party . i love dressing up ! the gang is all here ! it got cold but it was still fun . i enjoyed spending the time with my friends .
the students eventually find their seats . it takes the speakers a very long time to finish their speeches . finally the students are called up to receive their diplomas . the students are very excited to finally graduate . many friends and family have come to show their support .
for the office halloween party a man 's wife brought him a gorilla suit . the man started changing into the suit by first putting on the mask . after he put on the mask he started to take off his shirt to put on the rest of the suit . he put on the rest of the suit , but in order to get it on he had to take off the mask . after he got the full suit on he jumped out from behind his cubical to the surprise of the rest of the office .
this house was made into a haunted house . the rooms were lit to be spooky . headless mannequins were dressed and dimly lit . if you make it all the way through the haunted house there are snacks . each person gets a popcorn hand to take home .
[female] never thought that she would get married . it started with [male] bringing her some flowers . it then evolved into a ring and proposal ! her grandma 's were just grateful that she would n't grow old and live with 10 cats . and her cousins were excited to finally have a chance to party .
i went to hati to help rebuild after the earthquake . i did n't realize how bad of shape it was until i got there . i met a nice family while working with the locals . ru and [male] , the families youngest were so sweet . and the father [male] helped me rebuild the homes .
our town was hit with a major snow storm last winter . the cars could barely drive down the roads . my town looked like a ghost town during the storm . the firetrucks were out helping people stuck in their cars . the snow kept coming even after the sun went down .
it was halloween and everyone dressed up . they had a rockin ' party . it was kinda intense . they enter the bedroom . that night was freaky .
the kid burst out of the darkness screaming `` they 're coming ! they 're coming ! '' he looked scared out of his wits . outside of the lights of the parking lot it was just darkness . who was coming ? i had to know . hey kid . wait , it looks like he has fallen into some kind of trance . i have to warn all the others inside . but what do i tell them ? they 're coming ? they will think i 'm nuts . oh crap , here they come ! what are they ? i 'm getting out of here ! it 's every woman for herself !
fixing up his bike . following the pacific coast bike route . taking a lunch break . eating fruits and sandwiches about to cross the location location bridge .
the family went bowling last night/ mom went up first and scored a ton of points . dad followed but he kept getting gutter balls all night long . we snacked on pizza and drank lots of soda . by the end of the night i was ready to go home and sleep forever
a dad takes his son out to dinner . the people at the next table thought the boy was cute and stopped to take a picture . the waitress was lots of fun . the little boy sat with his mom for a little while . the boy and his mom saw an old friend who stopped by to take a picture .
i found a box of old photos in the garage . they have such an odd tint to them . oh , whats going on here ? alright what did i stumble into ? ok thats enough of that , putting these back !
fireworks with the kids ! the night was clear and warm . this red and green one reminds us of a sci-fi tree . the fireworks kept blossoming out for well over an hour . this beauty crackled and sent of little trails . only got the very beginning of the finally because i set the camera down to enjoy the stunning show !
the water was clear . the historic site was near and the sign was there beside the description sign that told about the area .
the family went on vacation , a group of friends haveing lunch . [male] and [male] getting ready to go bouting . the fire works show was amazing . at the end of the fireworks we had desert .
it was spring in the location location and the weather was cloudy and overcast . a completely random snow storm hit without warning in the location . the trees with their new growth were covered in snow . small flowers that had just bloomed were frozen and most died . even the cat tails fell victim and took weeks to recover .
today was race car qualifiers . the italian team looked very prepared . the team with the black car does not seem to worry about to competition . at the end of the event , the white car 's team won the championship . all the race cars came together for press pictures .
we went to a rainy st. patricks parade . the highlight was the band of bag pipers . they were decked out with various socks and shoes . these were my favorite socks at the parade . this gentleman was wearing those socks .
some friends had a theme party for halloween . everyone dressed up in costumes and enjoyed time together . he played the part of a sheriff from the old west . boas and gloves were popular . this little guy was n't in costume , but he did get to play cops and robbers .
[female] and i are having a little party today . my girls , [female] and [female] are so excited . my husband was welcoming guests as i was fixing food . our good friends [female] and [male] came first . we sat and ate and chatted and had a great old time .
i had a great time at the high school ball game yesterday . there were many cheerleaders there . their routine was very good . there were a lot of ceremonies afterward . the game was very close .
i brought the turkey to my friend 's thanksgiving party last week . they were still busy making some of the food . everyone was drinking and having a great time . after the food was ready we served it . everyone was very eager to have some of the turkey .
here i am taking a break before my next set . [female] played the keyboard for awhile while i was gone . but then i came back and awed everyone with my melancholy tunes . not a dry eye was left in the house as i played . my wife [female] said it was like hearing inside of eternity .
we arrived at the event everyone was talking about the events plans some people were wearing silly masks they were lots of people attending and even more showed up .
the guests met up after the wedding ceremony . they stopped to talk about it . like any wedding , the party had a cake . later on at the party , the couple cut the cake . the bride and groom stood with their wedding gifts .
everyone seemed to have a blast on our night out at the restaurant . the food and drinks were delicious . a lot of conversation was had while we were waiting . everyone had a smile on their face . it seemed like no one shied away from the camera .
time for a soccer game , but first a burrito ! my favorite team was warming up . stands were filling up , the game was about to begin . our best player and captain . the jump for the ball . it was a fun game .
i was invited to this dinner by my boss . i had to go so i would n't look bad . that 's him , [male] the lucky bald guy . these are his parents and brother . i honestly do n't know where [male] came from . they were so sweet . this is me getting someone to take a selfie of me . i 'm dressed pretty sharp and wanted to remember it . here is one of [male] 's friends on the right and [female] from accounting on the left . she seems to be enjoying herself . this is [female] , the office secretary . i 've always had a huge crush on her . maybe i 'll ask her out tonight ... . after a few more drinks !
[male] and his new bride prefer vacations with some adventure . they chose this bed and breakfast as the launching point for this trip . as they pose for pictures , they both look toward their destination now that they are underway , they paddle to assist in their down river trip . after several hours of boating , the find a spot on the shore to spend the night . [male] has unloaded the grill from the boat and a tasty dinner will soon meet some hearty appetites . their first evening of vacation was close to perfect .
the mountains loomed in the distance as i started my hike through the sparsely vegetated desert . the only paths were dirt roads marked by the rangers who travelled them regularly through the wilderness . as i climbed higher and higher there was more greenery and the view was spectacular . i even tried my hand at rock climbing the towering stacks of boulders that were deposited everywhere . once i climbed to the top the view took my breath away ; i could see everywhere i had just hiked in one glance .
the halloween party was great , everyone came out in costume . everyone had a fun time with each others costumes . organization organization and the bumble bee pose for the camera . the 70 's disco look was in vogue tonight . fun times all around as everyone wants their picture taken , what a fun evening .
the family having a couple of drinks before our annual cook out always makes good memories . [male] is always trying to blow something up . looks like he was definitely the man for this job . thanks to [male] everyone can now relax by the fire and roast some hotdogs . my sister with the pyro maniac himself , [male] getting ready to entertain us with karoke . my niece ang [male] seem to be having some creative differences before the show .
the rebuilding of location is taking a lot of time . our soldiers are helping the people wherever they can . building and reinforcing new homes and getting people a place to live . everyone is happy that they are getting help . they thank the soldiers everyday for thinking of them .
when we got the airport it was very emotional . we were very glad to see our family and friends after being away for so long . they were all happy to see us as well . it was a great day . afterward we all grabbed everyone 's luggage and went to a restaurant .
i was walking in the park and saw some boys riding their skateboards . they were practicing new tricks together . one rode his skateboard off the steps and flipped it midair ! they rode until the sun started going down . after they left , i quietly daydreamed of myself being able to ride a skateboard too !
the protest occurred in front of the building . we set up tents in front of the organization building . we wanted people to be aware of our cause . a passerby asked us what our goals were . supporters came out to protest with us .
yesterday , we went to my brothers military school . it was a rather stern looking area . all the men were in uniform . they looked so handsome . i was so proud of my brother serving our country .
our hotel was not what we were expecting . we decided to make the best of it with a pillow fight . we headed out to the market . i found this which summed up the hotel . the bed at least was a place to put our heads .
the umbrella catches the light . he 's taking a picture of you taking a picture of him . they share some smiles together . he takes a moment to kiss the baby . he 's getting ready to nurse that beer .
the blue shirt has the ball . the boy lines up a goal . the taller boy tries to steal the ball . chasing the ball to make a goal . from behind the goal we can watch the action .
here are all the flags of the country 's taking part in the rally this year . here i am arriving at the rally . here are the souvenirs i am going to keep from the rally . this is the rally safety car i drove this year . this is a picture of the drivers area of the car . i spent a lot of time sitting here , but it was worth it to be part of the rally .
there was a major snow storms the day before a protest was supposed to happen . everybody thought because of the snow nobody would show up to protest . instead everybody was shocked when the protesters used the snow to create graffiti . [female] message was plastered everywhere , but did not damage any buildings . they were able to get their point across without any injuries or damage .
i rode my bicycle to comic con . the crowd was heavy . i saw a few characters walking through the crowd too . i followed them to their display area . we stayed there until the sun started going down .
this halloween our daughters daycare thew the kids a party . they had face painting and [female] chose a rainbow for her cheek . she looked so cute dressed up as a fairy princess . she really enjoyed singing along to the music they had playing . all the kids were so cute in their costumes and had so much fun .
i take a moment to prepare for the guests today . the father holds his baby while next to his wife . the girls smile in joy . there were many activities to do . one of them was opening presents . the baby shower presented to be a success .
everyone was pumped up for the speech today , including myself . although there were not many guests , it did n't interfere with the event . [female] became the first guest speaker and she expressed the importance of drug awareness . i did n't bother to make a joke or anything since her speech made be breathless . afterwards , everyone enjoyed a great lunch .
today we have a family dinner . i was so happy to see everyone . my brother was going to grill the meat . hopefully he wo n't burn it . here are my loving parents . they set such a good example for me . my little sisters enjoyed feeding my dogs . cake was for dessert , our family favorite kind , chocolate !
a beautiful square to take a rest if you do n't mind the birds . these waterways are used to get around the city . the churches and artwork are outstanding . there are lots of places to sit down and grab a bite to eat . you can , also , pick up fresh produce on any corner .
this is the ambiance of our halloweens usually , we start out with this section with two rows of jack o'lanterns.. i 'll close in on this one , what do you think this one is ? this is definitely a pig . this one looks like someone shot a hole into its chin , oops ! somehow my friend got in this picture with his cellphone out by the front .
i decided to take a stroll around town to enjoy the rest of my day . it seems that the town was calm and collective until a group of angry protesters swarmed in . protests in the form of speeches and marches were flooding the street . in addition , a vast majority of people were advocating a health care reform .
the boy is deciding whether to take a swim . he decides to dive in the water . she is wading around in the cool water . they notice someone with a camera taking their picture . the girls have a stick fight to decide who gets the boy .
went to the museum and found these wonderful postcards . i bought several that made me happy about coming to this event . this is a ship i thought was very awesome along the snow . this is an escimo battling waves and swimming with the seals . this is an old indean family fishing .
we 're setting up our home business today . it will take a lot of work , but the outcome will be worth it . we set up new computers , and donated the older ones .
[male] was in the mood to take some pictures so he climbed up this mountain and took this picture . after that he decided to take some pictures of nature starting with this spider . then he thought it would be amusing to take a picture of his car from a far distance away . after that he took a picture of this hawk . the hawk was soaring high and [male] is so proud of this picture that he took .
i enjoy visiting my grandparent 's home up in the mountains . i get to see nature up close , like a spider in a web . after i park the car , it 's time for a long walk . on certain days , i can usually spot an eagle flying overhead . i sometimes watch the direction the eagle is flying in and i follow it .
last night the wedding was very beautiful . the bride and groom were so happy to finally be married . the ceremony and vows were also great . there were a lot of professional photographers there . afterward we all had fun dancing and playing games .
breakfast started out well . this was a gourmet syrup . it was purchased here . it looked appealing . the results were delicious .
the city is busy with people . it is dark but the people are having a great time . the building outside the city is snowy . a small camp is going on inside for people to work on their football skills . they get to train with local football players .
it 's organization organization organization organization dance team . a pirate bouncy house for the children . the students get into the pirate theme . a fraternity gets ready for fun day at the college . the balloon artist has arrived , let the fun begin .
the streets were empty early in the morning . our group began to gather along the roadway . it was rainy day , but some people did n't mind the bad weather . people took pictures of us as we marched past . finally we made it to the capital building .
i love the view from my office . so often when i look out the window , there are birds . this little guy was perched here fro quite awhile this morning . this one stopped by only for a few minutes . this afternoon i was able to watch this one for awhile . being i love birds , it 's no wonder i love my view .
a brother and his sister sit in the backyard and share a secret . a mother shows her baby the wonders of the the park . onlookers watcher the parade wit great enthusiam . a fire engine is part of the parade . a float goes by in the parade and the crowd cheers .
we had a great time in class today . there were many group projects that we needed to do . it required a lot of collaboration . it was a lot of fun . afterward we were all given a grade .
signs are wonderfully informative things . many times , they are brief and to the point , a warning meant to be heeded . other times , they mark an important location and moment in time . as human beings , we want to mark the passage of time and history with signs . we do n't want to forget .
today we visited the buffalo [male] location straight bourbon whiskey plant in location location . this is a picture of the back side where we parked and then had to walk around to the front . pretty cool all iron buffalo outside the plant . that has to weigh a ton ! this is one of the barrels that they age the whiskey in . this barrel was in the lobby as they do n't allow pictures inside the plant or allow cameras to record how the exact process works . here is the lobby after our tour of the plant where samples are tested by workers and where we got to try a shot ourselves . here 's the final product which is also for sale at a really nice price of only $ 10 a bottle . i bought the maximum allowed of five bottles and they gave us a nice box and a cart to wheel it back to the car . great day although i am feeling a bit tipsy off just one shot !
we took our first trip to the art museum today ! there were so many different styles . this one seemed a bit out of place , but i guess that 's the glory of art , it 's all objective . i loved the paintings that looked so realistic ! [male] laughs at me , but i swear i found myself spending more time checking out gorgeous frames than i did the art itself ! definitely planning another trip in the near future !
the men set up a large bonfire . they use an old bedfrme to get it started . a woman leans in towards the fire to warm up . friends talk about old memories through the evening . a girl falls asleep after a long night .
there was a ton of snow on the ground yesterday . i went to the park to walk my dog . he was very excited to see all of the snow . there was a lot of graffiti in the park . after we played for a while i walked my dog back home .
the new computer technologies had allowed us to make significant strides in signs . and , other types of designs or logos . i even learned to make abstract images.. like , this colorful puzzle . i finished my education with buildings .
my aunt and uncle are enjoying themselves . a lot of people loved dancing . these two are definitely having a good time . our friend is n't very photogenic . he likes to be unique and oh does it show .
pub day ! it was pub day ! everyone was happy and drinking like no tomorrow . even the twins were into it . [male] was n't happy though as they started playing the `` closing time '' song .
the water glistened with the suns first rays . she dressed warmly that day . she tried an exotic drink in the local bar . she posed at the original well site . the most amazing thing she saw was an old rolls [male] being used as a planter .
we are making our own table pieces for my wedding . my fiance is practicing on the piano as he us going to play for our wedding . my mom is helping my fiance with the dishes . this is the first part of the centerpiece . this is the completed project .
you could see for miles around . dust kicked up on the road by the cliff side . lot 's of dust blew up near the fence . the car sat parked by itself next to the road . the water crashed against the cliffs .
this restaurant has amazing flower arrangements . they even sell them by the bouquet they wrap them up neatly . the dumplings in this place are amazing . the main courses are cooked to perfection .
i had a wonderful day with my family . we went out in the town . it was so much fun . at night i went out to the club with my friends . we danced all night long
the teacher posed happily as she taught the students . the school girls played jump rope during recess . the man taught the younger boy a song using his hands . the young girl liked her shiny red bike . the small children all formed a line to play a game .
[female] and [female] love to hang out together . every saturday night they go to the location location . this saturday they went shopping for a costume party . there were overwhelmed by all the choices ; so they walked around the store to get some ideas . they were playing around in the the [male] potter section when they ran in to their friend , [male] . he said that he was going to the party as [male] potter . [female] decided that she would go as hermione and [female] was going to give everyone a laugh by dressing as [male] .
we saw an old-fashioned diner and decided to stop . the inside was even more old fashioned than the outside . we sort of felt like we stepped back into the 1950s . the coffee was good . the breakfast was amazing .
our family recently went out together for a meal . this dish was my favorite since i really like noodles . there was a plate of meat for those that liked that . i took a lot of pictures and got some good ones . i like this photo where they were trying hard to be comical .
it was an end of an era , and we were ready to celebrate . our host and hostess were all smiles . even the guests were all smiles . one guest was ready to sing . the table arrangement looked festive .
my husband was very prepared for breakfast . he brought a tree to the office in spirit . when it was almost time to go , we looked at the clock . when he got home , he watered the grass with no socks on . we made gingerbread cookies together .
[female] was excited to graduate . she smiled with her mom . she smiled with her sister . she kissed her sister simultaneously with her mom . then she went crazy and whacked the camera man !
there was a big party in the park near my house . there was catered food and games . the food was delicious and everyone was full and happy . people were having a good time and having conversations . there was even live music ! the music was great and people danced . overall , the party was fun and a success .
last week , we had a panel of speakers come to our school . it was a very important affair . the speaker talked about human rights . there even was a panel discussion . everyone in the audience listed with awe at this wonderful gathering .
a day at the zoo there a little genny pig a very beautiful flower with yellow rose there is aboard walk trail to walk on some beautiful pictures to be taking a u neat tree stunk a beautiful picture
there were a lot of people sleeping on the street when i went to location location yesterday . there were a lot of tents set up . some of the people let me examine their tents . they were very comfortable . they were ready to spend the night outdoors .
we went to location and saw all the old castles . the scenery was beautiful . i dream of living in a castle like that . we went to a funny gift shop . they wold a lot of interesting things .
the family was so excited to move into their new home . mom was excited about the spacious kitchen . the dining room had wonderful windows and was simply waiting for a dinner party . the living room was inviting and perfect for a house warming party . the bathroom was perfect for an evening of relaxing in the tub .
a couple guys from our location branch came to the location for a month . we welcomed them with a cookie cake . the welcome event was good down time . one of the guys was n't used the sweetness of american food and turned down his slice . us guys ate it up though , it was delicious .
i went on a site-seeing tour of my city today . the architecture was incredible , with stone and cement buildings . one of them looked like it could have been built by the romans . standing in a field , we could see the entire city at once . the local plants are pretty incredibly , since they 're so colorful .
we traveled somewhere we have n't been before . we arrived at our destination . [male] c. curren rests here . another curren member rested here . lastly , a military man 's grave was here .
it was a hot summer day in the gym , trying to get my black belt . i had to break 14 bricks . i had to roundhouse kick in perfect form . i also had to beat my sparring partner by 50 points . it was a rough day , but i did it !
anything wrapped in bacon means `` delicious '' ! prepping the bird for slicing . a bed of green leaves to hold the delicious meat . a little garnish for variety and flavor . slicing the meal to come .
mom are you done choosing the clothes you will wear on my graduation day ? i am here ready to rock and roll . do i look good or is my outfit a little bit embarrassing ? finally , i am now a organization organization . proud to serve my country . thank you mom for the support . the few but proud marines ! we 're here to serve you location . good bye for now mom , need to serve my country overseas . please pray for me and i look forward to seeing you again .
the state fair is great fun ! there is great food to eat . there are events like races and animal shows . kids also enjoy the petting zoo ! and you ca n't forget the fair oddities like the cheese sculptures ! the state fair is a fun family tradition .
for as long as i can remember , i 've always known that i would get married by the sea ... and that my best friend in the world , sparky , would be in the front row cheering me on . the ceremony was right out of a fairy tale ; only better . as you can see , i 'm really in love with my new husband , [male] . if our marriage turns out as good as this wedding cake , we 've got a wonderful life ahead of us !
we had all gone out for lunch yesterday . after we finished eating we decided to walk around for a little bit . there were a lot of interesting shops that we passed by . afterward we decided to grab some dinner at another restaurant . they had some strange food there .
[male] 's friends were ready for a party , instead of a wedding . however , [female] 's family was happy to gather for the wonderful day . they had a beautiful backdrop for the wedding , a castle . and , the food was absolutely wonderful ! of course , as we mentioned , [male] 's friends were there for the party and party they did .
we took the chicken out of the oven . we set up a plate to serve up the chicken . we cut the chicken in pieces to easier cut down . we cut down the chicken to smaller pieces . we served the chicken on the place of lettuce .
the family walked up to the lake house together . they entered its doors and immediately saw the cute little fireplace . they then walked out to the deck to inspect and found that it was a really nice deck . they were surprised to find that it also had a great view of the city . they were even more excited now for this vacation at the little stone house .
dinner with the family ! the boys found their own spot at the end of the table . after dinner the kids enjoyed some games . the family enjoyed getting together for a nice meal out . the kids really loved the hats they received .
this is a class on retail studies . [male] semins has agreed to give a lecture in successful retail practices . he explains several strategic points to the class . also he tells them the long term goal to success . at the end he took questions from the class .
ms. naples addressed the fifth grader the fifth grades had worked hard all year to move on to junior high they showed off their diplomas [male] was very proud to be valedictorian one more class picture .
this was my sister 's second marriage so she wore black . the wedding cake was home made this time around . the reception featured karaoke in the church basement . my brother is the life of every party . bride and groom do n't look thrilled . let 's hope this one lasts .
several flower arrangements were available . some involved vases and other containers . others were adorned with ribbons and decoratives . many counts were ordered to ensure enough were present . several combinations were included for the ceremony .
we went to location and visited some old cathedrals . they were located right off the river . the streets still looked like cobblestone . the bridges were new though . we enjoyed the views of the water and old town .
a baseball player hits a home run . his teammates look on in awe . shortly after , he falls down gripping his chest in pain . they take him to the hospital and realize he had a heart attack . the owners of the team come to check on him . after the heart attack weakened him , he could no longer play anymore , and he decided to become a motivational speaker instead .
this month , my family had their annual reunion . my mom and grandmother made dinner for everyone . my great-grandmother , aunt , and grandmother took turns telling all kinds of stories . my cousin [female] took pictures of everything ! my dad got so tired , he fell asleep watching television .
here at a small town in location . we are being treated so nice . here is the building we are staying in . this is a loving place . 5 stars . decided to take a long walk down this street . i left here with 100 's of pictures . i love the snow as black and white , i love the tree and all of this picture . this picture just looks great , sun is in the perfect position .
everyone gathered around for the big red bull parade at the sea doc . there were great big red and white red bull signs and banners everywhere upon every boat . lots of people watched and listened to speakers come talk about a new organization organization line coming out soon . some of the people from the crowd even got to participate in organization organization contest on the organization organization boat . everyone had a great time , and after the parade was over everyone got together for a organization organization photo op .
the capitol in the town square that we were exploring . a few differnt shops that we windowed shopped at these gnomes were way too expensive the square is stunning when lit up at night i wish i had one of those lights in my living room
we were first transported to organization organization in a windowless van . but when we arrived at the center , we were so overwhelmed we could n't decide where to look first . the shelves were crammed with wall-to-wall cuteness . look at these plushies . of course , we wanted to capture ourselves at this moment - we were in ecstasy ! there were some promos for pokemon saga going on at the time , so visiting the booth was a great way to wrap up the experience .
there were a lot of people at the halloween party last night . we had it in a basement . tons of people were there and dressed up . i had fun taking pictures with all of them . some people did not like the party .
the kids all gathered before the game to listen to the coach . everyone was given their own shirt . she was looking for her parents in the crowd . they all began to line up . the race was ready to begin .
the first thing we did when we got off the train in location , location was to feed the deer in the park . they are used to humans so you can find plenty of them near the entrances to the temples as well . it is hard to really show the scope of how large this particular temple was , but this is the exterior . i really loved seeing this giant buddha which had a very peaceful presence . inside the temple you could attempt to put yourself through this support post are said to be blessed with enlightenment in the next life .
everything was looking nice . the weather was getting cold . the trees were lit up for all to see . people walked on the city streets . they did n't know when the weather would turn .
it is st. [male] 's day . everyone is wearing green . green is the color many people use to celebrate st. [male] 's day . some people wear green hats . there is a wonderful parade . here come the bagpipes . what a great day !
today was the day . everyone was there . including the cops . but that did n't stop us . our voices would be heard .
it was fun going to the market that day . watching her make the noodles was very interesting . the place smelled like fish though . we were trying to decide how much we wanted to buy for dinner . even the son got a toy out of the trip .
the stormtroopers took two kids hostage . there was decent among the stormtroopers and they decided to fight . the stromtroopers take their battle stance . the stormtroopers rob an organization store . darth vader marries a woman .
protest going on outside for equality health care . having a school meeting on health care . everyone learning about health care ! oh look its me one of my friends grabbed the camera . everyone educated on health care finally !
it was a lovely day outside . this little bug landed on a leave plant . then he made up his mind to move to another flower . the fields were very beautiful . he seen some of his duck buddies and decided to say hello .
at the event at our church we got to eat lots of good food . the plate had many healthy things on it for everyone . after that we got to enjoy some pie for dessert . the sun began to set on our day with our church group . the baby began to get tired and fell asleep .
there were many funs times at the party and tattoos were shown off . then they laid down and took photos drunk before they did not know what to think .
last week we went to a parade . it was so big , we had to take a bus to get there . when we got there , i saw people walking with banners in their hands . the traffic was stopped for them . we had fun watching all the people .
the fantastic fireworks show wowed the crowd . sunrise on the canyon walls was nothing short of inspiring . a streak of beautiful light flew across the night sky . we had a spectacular view at sunset . the clouds put on quite a show for us .
my fortune cookie says : `` you will meet a strange dark haired lady ... in bed . '' i added that last part . i glanced across the room . there was a strange dark-haired lady sitting at a table , alone . we talked . we liked . i invited her to meet my family . they liked her , too ! my mother was especially pleased . she was very happy . so was my father and my brothers . except for [male] . [male] bet me fifty dollars that it would n't last . he repeated that bet each year . happy anniversary , [male] ! this year 's meal is on you !
at the tech conference , a woman gave a great presentation on cyber secuirt . people were really interested . another woman gave a presentation on international hacking threats . people took lots of notes . but most people were still in their hotel rooms , asleep .
we had to join up several tables to fit the family . we all said grace before eating . the food was great , even the picky kids loved it . dad sat at the head of the table as usual . at the end of the meal , we all sat at the table sharing memories .
it was the fourth of july ! we got the family together to watch the fireworks . the display was spectacular . there was lots of `` ooh '' ing and `` aah '' ing from the crowd . the finale was mindblowing !
everyone comes to the park and gather for a good time . once you are able to find a spot you take it for yourself . a place where you can put your tent and relax . we all sleep overnight and get ready for convention the next day . when the show starts everybody is cooking , eating and waiting for the speaker to begin .
everyone was getting ready for the after game party . the football game was so exciting , the home team won . [male] had so much fun announcing the game . after the game , all the players headed to the captain 's house . after such a great game , it was fun to watch the sun set .
[female] is at home getting ready for the costume party at her friend 's house . she has decided to dress up in a gothic theme and has selected the perfect dress for the occasion . [female] applies makeup , including white face powder , and black lip and eye liner to really dress the part . her look is almost complete with great makeup and an added cape around her gothic dress . finally , the perfect finishing touch , a mysterious mask .
[male] is leaving , and this cake commemorates the event honoring him . a colleague enjoys the cake and some conversation . others are all smiles as they celebrate [male] and their time with him . more co-workers pose for a photo as they say goodbye to [male] . here 's [male] , waving goodbye as he leaves for the final time and new adventures await him .
everyone filed in to the glass-covered auditorium to see the presentation . numerous guests spoke about topics of interest to the crowd . people sat in rapt attention as they listened to the speakers . after the presentation was over , a few remained to talk to the speakers . everyone enjoyed food , drinks , and conversation to end the night .
a huge crowd built up in anticipation for this band . the band members came out and sung their songs . people gathered all over , even on the rooftops . the concert perhaps got a little too crazy . by the end of it , huge riots occurred and made the streets a big mess .
a group of friends got together for a hike . they made their way up the mountain . being careful not to slip and fall . after reaching the top they sit down for a short rest . they really take in the beauty of the mountain top by taking a picture of this waterfall .
we braved the cold weather and joined everyone in the square . the crowd surrounded the large fountain . some people started dancing in the water , despite the cold . we had a lot of fun . everyone was waving their flags and supporting their country .
there were a lot of people attending the graduation ceremony today . the venue was beautiful . the students were very glad to finally go up and receive their diplomas . afterward it was time for pictures with everybody . it was a good day and everyone was very happy .
we 're happy to announce the arrival of baby [male] ! a proud mom with a sleeping baby [male] . dad also helped out on the naptime . with mixed results ! dad still needs to work on his nap skills . aunt [female] stepped in to save the day .
the bride , groom , and others pose on stage for the wedding pictures . the newly married couple dance for the first time . the groom helps her cut the delicious cake . they get home to pose for many of their families pictures . the bride poses with her best friends .
friday we moved in to our new home . we bought some pizzas to celebrate with friends and family . little mich brought the ice for the sodas . although we only had only two chairs out the place was starting to feel like home . mom helped organize the mess we had all over . what would i do with ought her . everyone was so tired by the move that we just had to take a break .
[male] performed a wonderful saxophone solo at the start of the jam session . a couple of people brought their own instruments and attempted to play them . an amateur pianist started to play the entertainer and got a good reception . [male] brought his guitar and began to wail on it . the other musicians started their own jam session and moved to the garage shortly after .
the college graduation has brought out a large crowd . the well organized crowd are in school colors . even the school 's mascot is present for the festivities . happy graduates pose together with smiles on their faces . family and friends join together for more photos and congratulations .
this is an old cemetery in location . a lot of war veterans are buried here . some headstones are no longer readable . [male] was the last of his family to pass away that was born in the 1800 's . this was his army buddy location .
it was a halloween party . check out our finger food and treats . vanilla tasting eyeballs . scary head in the bowl of tortillas . a hug for the devil .
our town had a hawaiian festival this year . it was a lot of fun and there was a lot of food , too ! the police officers were there to make sure no trouble started , but of course there was n't any . my grandma is the mayor , but she sings , too . i like to listen to her sing and play her tambourine .
the grandchildren finally arrived at our house for the weekend . randle noticed that we got a new foosball table . [female] heard all the noise that randle was making and was wondering what was all the commotion . randle put the ball in place for his and [female] 's game . after they got done playing we have a nice dinner . with a delicious cherry pie .
it 's my brothers birthday today . we 're having a birthday party . here i am with dad . here 's my aunt . here 's my brother . happy birthday !
what an awesome day to go to the fair . we played games and bought t-shirts in between stops . there were a lot of fun attractions and things to look at like this little buddy . the kids enjoyed watching the live alligators they were pretty cool ! we seen a lot of cool accessories and cheap clothes to buy so we bought a few things .
it was an exciting moment to meet [female] [male] . with her secret service we walked from the plane to a waiting limo . and together we did even more waiting . and , of course had some discussions . then she gave her speech . she was really just so wonderful
we stayed by a lake . the lake was very calm . we decided to take a boat ride out . later that evening , we built a fire . we just sat and relaxed around it .
it was a rainy day but we still came out to raise money for prostate cancer treatment . finally i see the finish line . we walked and ran for a good cause . afterwards we gathered under a tent for some hot breakfast . while waiting for my breakfast i see ducks playing in the lake . my breakfast arrives just in time . bacon and french toast . my favorite .
[female] went with her father to the basketball game . she loved spending time with him they found a surprise in their onion rings ! the whole group was having fun . at the end of the night , they had so much fun watching the players .
the subway was extremely fast and efficient . when we got off , we headed through the entrance to the spa . these was a longer journey than we thought to the spa . when we got there , there was only one person in the tub . we had a lot of delicious food at the spa .
we had a part today . everyone got mad drunk . and we also had karaoke . we took lots of silly pictures . it was a great time .
people with green hats came to the performance to see the ladies dance and the saxophone players play . there were also dances that wore different clothing .
a group of people on bikes start to gather on a street for a ride . they ride over to the edge of the trees and wait for the ride in the woods to begin . they start their journey into the wood and begin their ride . this biker makes his way down the ramp onward into the woods . this person speeds over a bridge that hovers over a valley below .
on a snowy day , the family decided to go to the city park . it was a long walk to the park . the park was beautiful . even the bridge was covered n snow . all of the trees were heavy with fresh snow . the family built a snowman and had a lot of fun .
the day started innocently enough on the swing . or so we thought at least , she was n't so sure . some fun dancing started . with the obligatory dip . then , somebody brought out the beer bong . the night got wild .
marge was a matronly woman with a wonderful aptitude for calming family disputes . this was a helpful trait because her three sons were always getting into trouble . she sometimes visited her father and her two nieces , but only on a monthly basis . her grandparents had originally migrated from location on an ocean liner in 1923 . their favorite times were getting together for family reunions and reliving old times .
the traffic was bad in the area . the door was boarded up and the corner was too . there was a guy filming .
the people came to protest against what this person was doing . they marched the streets . they would no longer stand for it . they tried to get others to side with them . they waved banners and flags as they marched .
when i got to the party everyone was already there . there were many different kinds of costumes . one was made out of paper . some were very flashy . others were wearing their work uniforms . some people forgot and thought it was a birthday party .
i went shopping at the farmers market today with my family . i found a whole bunch of baskets for crafting . i got my grandpa a unique walking cane . my daughter really wanted a tutu from one of the shops . my husband found a blue motorcycle he 's considering buying too .
there is no prouder ceremony than a military pinning ceremony . once my son was pinned , he got to sit in on high level briefings . he held a far higher post than he used to . it came with a lot of grilling from his superiors . however , they decided they liked him , and he rose in the ranks .
a couple went out to research local flora . the husband took pictures of different plants . these trees were his favorite . the wife enjoyed these flowers growing out of two rocks . they recorded their findings when they returned home .
i was so glad to attend the graduation ceremony . many of the students were happy to finally graduate . all of the students brought their friends and family to support them . i took plenty of pictures while i was there . i had a great time .
today i took the children to wood working . the project is to build a giant train . each child contributed to building the train when it was complete the all the trains were connected together . the train was pulled along with all the children in tow .
the man had contracted for a job on an rv . the rv was incredibly extravagant . its most extravagant piece was the a very expensive lamp . the workers opened the side of the bus exposing the underpanels . one of the workers patched the back windows with tape .
today was a very special day for me . i had all of my best friends with me . it was my wedding day and everything was in place . my wedding was very special and unforgettable . our cake was perfectly made and was very good .
we went out by the water for the party . the view was gorgeous . the women stood on the deck and conversed with each other . the children went down on the dock and played in the water . later at night there were fireworks . and of course dessert .
the picnic table was filled with goodies . children could play while the adults chatted . bubbles were blown under the sunlight . more lunch was kept in the coolers . there were also games for children .
i wonderful day for a concert . everyone began filling in . we had our tent set up ready to go . it was like a city just sprung up at once . time for the show to begin , fun !
we went to watch the sumo wrestlers yesterday . they would all hunker down and watch each other wrestle . there was a referee that made sure no one did anything illegal . some of the matches took a long time . but in the end , there was only one winner .
this is the food court i visited today . they had spicy food . they had ice cream . they had mexican food too . they even had polish jelly doughnuts !
the woman won an award and got a lot of credit for it . they watched her presentation as she presented her research and then had information at a table .
the restaurant we arrived at was beautiful we had reserved the entire place for ourselves the first course was diving and beautiful the second course was perfectly cooked dessert was to die for and topped the meal nicely
the crowd watched as each of the contenders stepped up to the plate . the planes would fly from the boat and try to land successfully . one by one , they succeeded or failed . some designs were more ingenious than others . the last one almost tipped over the side .
this church holds a dance off every year . it 's fun for the community . these are the judges of the dance , they are professionals themselves . the judges inform the contestants that the winner will receive this cake to enjoy . the dance off begins and everyone begins to dance . there is a tie and the two girls win the dance contest , they have to share the cake .
the hockey game was intense . the goalie had given up many goals . the panthers fought back . they tried to defend the capitals . but the capitals kept on shooting .
the beekeepers all gathered around the bees . they took them out of their hive . the bees all clung to the honeycomb sheets . there were so many of them ! some bees flew away but the beekeepers did not worry because they knew they would always come back home .
i had a great time at the seminar yesterday . there was a speaker there . he had a speech prepared . he told us all about his research . it was very boring .
the family is having a party in the park . [male] wonders who has the ball . [female] is ready for action . [male] 's waiting for the baseball to come his way . everyone is too tired to pack up and go home .
making arts and crafts . making peanut butter and jelly sandwiches . kids listening to stories . learning how to be safe by the river . fishing by the rocks .
it is officially the fall season because i can see that some trees have already turned their leaves to that beautiful color while others will soon follow . i am inside and look out at all the beauty of the fall and i wish it could be like this year round . long walks in the cool autumn air down country roads makes me go back in time to when i used to hunt and fish . i always loved going out in the country in the fall and to me it was the perfect time for everything including football . this pictures sums it all up for me when i say that fall is the most beautiful season and the one that i ca n't wait for every year .
the celebration began with [male] in a blue shirt . [female] put on her favorite shirt to celebrate . the weather made a group picture very tolerable . stuffing food in [female] 's mouth is a hobby of [male] . the couple consented and filled each other with glasses of wine .
the old law school friends gathered together . they sat around in the living room reminising about the past . the guys got together for a picture , to recreate their first pictures together . it seemed as though the party had broken up ... however everyone had migrated to the bedroom to debate cotton vs flannel sheets .
the view in our room was beautiful . the day after , we visited the mountains for fresh air . we hiked up the trail to stop at this lake . i had lots of fun on the swinging set . this town continues to inspire me .
the war museum was neat . they had exhibits . many guns were on display . the outdoor area was nicely designed . the helicopter is the highlight of the museum .
our train ride last weekend was amazing ! the dining cart was very elegant for a train . and the wine choices were incredible . i felt like royalty as we dines with the landscape rushing by out the window . before it was over i had a lady snap a picture of us but our attentions were drawn at the last minute and she took side views .
we were married on a boat , it was way cool . my husband is dashing and handsome . he says he 's the lucky one . that 's my mom and his mom . we all get along . we cut the cake , i almost dropped the knife . that 's my hubby with his best man .
the market carried traditional clothing . the ladies looked through the things available . some of them bought food . the men sold books . she was looking at the books .
here in location to visit some friends . exploring the world today . what a wonderful place . look at all the flowers and the nice buildings . this looks like an old church . ca n't leave without going to the local swap meet .
after dinner the family began to walk home and saw someone selling glow sticks which the kids played with all night the next morning the family went sledding and i stayed inside because i had a little peace and quiet without the kids
the photo captures the couple dancing . the happy couple dances on the dancefloor . the guests stand and watch the couple . the couple smiles at each other . the group celebrates together .
it would be a great day on the water the friends got together on the boat they headed back to shore . the fish was cooked . they had a nice dinner with friends
the man was speechless and did not know what to say . then he started talking again and was happy at the response that he got .
they had a karate competition today . they did their katas . they spared other contestants . they had a good time sparing mostly . they all 4 won something .
dad , ready for the game , his face when i told him it was cancelled . caught little man trying to steal some drinks . mom done such a great job with the kids . the game was on , but the guys kept shushing us the whole time . they was fine after their team won .
we had been begging for a great apartment . one with an open floor plan ... and a beautiful kitchen . well , we were completely surprised when this one had a washer and a dryer ... and , was a beautiful home from the outside . we signed the papers immediately .
this year we participated in the st. [male] 's day bash . everyone was dressed in green and ready to begin . a local fife and drum played as we were off . at the finish line we were all greeted by a round of applause . we were then treated to irish music .
troops are lined up and ready for action . the officers are making a quick run through to see if all are together . the headman is going over paper work of plans made . the men are serious and are waiting for instruction on what to do next . the men in charge are conversing about where to place these troops for help .
the halloween party was so we could all get together . there was pumpkin carving and food . everyone did their best with the pumpkins . they did a great job with their carving skills . when they were all lit up the made a great display .
this dj sometimes overshadows the music with his antics . even though he has a crazy personality , he has critically acclaimed musical taste . it 's hard not to laugh at the things this grown man does . everyone loves to get their picture taken with the craziest dj in town . but sometimes he is n't always appropriate for the whole family .
our first live performance , our drummer was ready . and our guitarist was jamming it out . between sets we could mingle with the crowd . one of the best things about being in a band are the hot girls that are always around . back to business and playing our encore . it was great .
we are acting like romans . the wine from the vine is going down fine . this bite is a all about the grapes ! check out my headband . whoa ! they look like royalty and seem to enjoy it .
i had a lot of work to do today . there were so many wires that were tangled up . i had to untangle all of them . it took me all day . eventually i finished and i was allowed to go home .
it was a beautiful day in sunny location . a perfect day to head out to a gay pride parade . everyone was happily displaying their signs as they marched . everyone was marching for equal rights . it was a perfect day and a peaceful march .
we were excited to finally be graduating . we made sure to get pictures with all of our friends . who were also very excited . the experience was unforgettable . it was a very good night .
we got ready for the first day of school today . it was raining really hard so we had to bring the umbrella . all the children made their way into the building . here is our daughter getting ready for her first classes . our son was really excited to go .
today was our wedding day and we are very nontraditional . the rings were presented on a flower . the groom wore chucks . we had wedding cupcakes instead of cake . we are going to have a wonderful life together .
award dinner and presentation for a select few of individuals.most of whom been waiting for recognition in all their efforts and hard work . large group attended this year 's session.we expanded and merged with another company , so more employees to attend . there were several displays set up , this was my favorite.they were most inviting and informative . each nominee got to present their ideas before the final votes . here is our regions members.the others are from various regions in our tristate area .
decked out in my leathers and ready to ride . great pic of me on my bike . at the start of the race i 'm ready go . keeping pace with the person aside me . jogging toward the finish line .
it was my best friend 's big day ! it was great to seem them all going through the ceremony . some of the guests just wanted to sit down and relax . while others of us wanted to dance ! it was great to see so many familiar faces .
we hosted a fourth of july party at our home . i got to use my new grill . the food came out delicious . the kids got to splash around all day . by the day 's end , we were exhausted .
this lady is a president of a university . the president of the organization gives out diplomas today . the president fives her speech for the graduates . the woman walks off the stage with a hat on after her speech . the president is greeted by a organization organization soldier and thanks him for her service .
the family took the baby to his first fireworks show . there were many amazing colors . it was baby 's big brother 's fifth time going , they have been taking him since he was a smaller child as well . more pretty colors and shapes . it 's safe to say baby enjoyed himself .
the race had started ... and [male] was awaiting his turn , he even had a drink . and , then his teammate was closing in ... and , [male] grabbed the baton and was off ! his mother and sister cheered from the stands !
when all the cousins get together , it 's a wild time . of course there are nerf fights and video game challenges . there are long slumber party times , with some wild stories and tv watching . there 's dressing up crazily for a show . and there 's dancing around -- -lots of dancing around !
[male] is balancing the egg all the way to the finish line . the kids all line up for another field day game . [female] is taking the lead and has a chance at winning this game . [male] giving instructions for the basketball shoot off . [male] is making filling up big shoes look so easy as he takes races towards the goal .
my two friends , [female] and [female] , laughing at my story . [female] observing the couples dancing in slow motion . my brother , [male] , trying to tell me to stay away from where he was going . [male] 's classmate , [male] , trying to do a monster impression . the dj was playing music after music while the crowd cheered .
they were celebrating their 20th wedding anniversary . their daughters joined them for the occasion . they went to a fancy and lavish restaurant . mom posed for a picture with her girls . lastly , the whole family posed to remember the occasion .
the women 's basketball game was today . the team members were seen on the campus before the game . everyone got into their uniforms to play . after the game two of the players were seen shaking hands . location ended up winning the game .
we all were waiting anxiously for dinner . then the lovely seafood platter arrived . we love playing with lobster legs it was time to exercise the dinner off so we palinode the beach like young kids
everyone was gathered at my best friend 's house , awaiting the countdown of the new year . the adults were n't the only ones excited , and waiting . although some needed to be fed , and take a nap . many gathered in the kitchen , anxiously waiting . until it was announced on the tv that it was now a new year !
there was a lot of people at the concert venue . here are a man and woman posing for the camera above . the band played awesome music for the people . these three men were having a great time at the concert . a picture of the people enjoying the concert .
the building looked like s church . but inside was a restaurant . they had hundreds of pastries . the variety of meats were abundant . they had enough seating for our group .
we took the kids on a nature walk we had such a good time we found a dam and a stream with a bridge as well as some wild flowers
we visited some historic sites on our trip . they had a lot of warning signs when we arrived . after that we traveled the paths at the site . then we came across signs that told us the history of the site . after that we came across some old graves at the site .
we invited some people over for a barbeque today . we made some kababs . after that we had a little alcohol . we made margaritas ! the kids were distracted with the dog . after a few drinks i took a quick bathroom selfie .
we visited this famous historical church downtown today . the ceiling was almost 4 stories high ! it was incredible ! the window paintings were so intricate and beautiful . we sat there and just stared off into the distance at the art work . this one was kind of freaky for obvious reasons .
this is our first trip to location . [male] is so excited he ca n't stop smiling . val is enjoying the beautiful waether . val showing off her new present . we enjoyed the whole evening here
sumo wrestlers meditating before the fight . the wrestlers waiting for their turn and watching the fight . round 2 , the team is winning so far . wrestling and the crowd is watching attentively . the young man is about to go wrestle .
this is the best place to eat i had my usual . here [female] sending us peace . [female] and art are enjoying their dark beers . after we head out to enjoy the night sky .
the wedding day was finally here . everyone was pretty nervous for it . but surely enough , it came time for the big moment . we finally became man and wife . i was the happiest day of my life .
[male] grabs a subway ride to the race . there he sees a few of his family members with signs . he then sees even more friends and family that have shown up to watch him . [male] sets a new meet record for the race . [male] could n't be happier as he gets hugs from his family .
halloween was not that interesting for her , so she did n't bother dressing up . she borrowed a karate costume to celebrate , and loved wearing it to work . she always wanted to be a kitty , and here was her chance ! their costumes made them feel like they could be anything they wanted to be . she felt a little odd wearing a hat at work , but she 'd always wanted to be a cowgirl !
the man woke up early to get ready for his trip . his first stop was to check out the friendly scarecrow . then , he went to look at the gardens . he came across a gorilla and could not resist being photographed with it . he was very happy with himself !
we had the fire company come out the help with the christmas lights everyone came to help out and get it ready we used big bulbs so they would look better the trees were gigantic so we needed big ladders the fire truck ladder was especially useful
halloween is my favorite holiday . a little goth makeup , and a pretty dress start the transformation . add the mask and the transformation is complete . it 's the one time of the year you can let your inner self shine through . now it 's time to dance the night away .
[male] was a huge fan of the local nature preserve . he took pictures of almost every plant he saw . he was able to capture some beautiful details , like this buttery yellow flowers . his pictures of the floating lilies were exquisite . i loved his weird pictures too , like this strange plant with a big hanging pod . he made me realize every flower has a huge amount of beauty close up .
she started to hang the signs . they took a family photo . they look so happy together . grandma did not look very happy , though . the little baby was adorable .
we decided to do a service project fo rthe school . we put mulch down for the playground . then helped build it . the kids were really excited . they could n't wait to play on it .
when we got to our friend 's apartment we went into the kitchen to start developing some of the film for the pictures we took . [male] apparently is n't a safe driver because he likes to take pictures when he 's driving . most of the pictures just showed the guys sitting on the couch hanging out . their girlfriends must have gotten a hold of the camera and took some selfies . one of our friends is n't very lively during parties and often times falls asleep .
the show started of with lots of excitement and a big band . i really liked this one with the smaller sub-explosions . these little ones were so loud that i had to cover my ears . this feathery firework was very unique . the finale started with red , white , and blue which soon followed .
this year we decorated the porch for halloween . the family got together and carved some pumpkins also . it was so fun scooping out all the inside and cutting out the faces . dad was very serious when it came time for to put the knife to his pumpkin face . in the end they all turned out great .
the cute group of friends posed for a photo before graduation . even [male] and [female] [male] were excited . at graduation they both received cool presents . and they were seated in the honours row . goodbye lockers - they wo n't be seeing you anymore !
the street only had a few people on it . a bridge sat in silence as i crossed it . some of the roofing looked very old . the church sat nicely against the blue sky . i slept very well after touring the city .
one night , a full moon out hung in the sky glowing with a red sheen . i could n't sleep , and headed outside for some fresh air . wind whistled through the leafless trees , making an eerie sound . a shiver ran down my spine . i heard someone coming down the path , making heavy footfalls . it sounded someone was heading straight for me , and fast . panicking , i ducked behind a hill and threw some leaves over myself . i tried to stay perfectly still and quiet until the person passed by . when i was sure all was safe , i made my way carefully back to the castle . i had to get inside and tell someone what had just happened .
the day started with a beer and the pipe . my cousin went outside to look the animals . that night , we staged a huge campfire . my sister brought her blanket along with her . before the night was over , my brother went to sleep early .
[male] and [female] decided to have a pumpkin carving contest . they invited some friends over and posed with their dog [male] in front of some of the entries . [male] had even carved a [female] look a like pumpkin . once the pumpkins were done it was time to play in the pool . as soon as it got dark all the fabulous pumpkins lit up the night waiting for trick or treaters .
our company had a tech open house the ceo talked about the future there was alot of buzz about the announcement there were demonstrations everyone had a great time learning about new products
my brother enjoying dinner at mom 's house . my sister is not shy when it comes to good food . save some for me please . my dad with a bottle of homemade red wine . red wine makes any meal taste better . after dinner we had fresh cut strawberries with pound cake . it was nice to see my brother again . he can definitely put away some food .
we went to visit [male] at college . it was fall , so some of the campus was decorated for the season . he showed us around campus , including the quad . there were some funny spots he knew about that he was eager to show us . it was a great visit that went by too quickly !
two families are coming together for a wedding at this very nice chapel ! the chapel is great but look at the surrounding area ! the family is having a good time and decides to take some pictures at the reception its time to cut the cake but they second guess themselves when looking at the beautiful work that was done night settles on this wonderous day and everyone heads home
today is open mic . this guy can play the guitar well . this guy could sing very good . this guy voice was very soulful . this guy know how to rap and sing . this lady ended the show with poetry and a little bit of singing . it was a nice show .
as i continued my car journey through farming country , i spotted a picture perfect farm house . it looks like the fields go on forever ! i needed some personal groceries and felt their local farmer 's market would be the perfect place . on my way out of town i saw this statue placed in an alcove on the second floor . i stopped to see who he was and discovered it to be the town 's founder that they have honored .
she showed up to the product market . it was a nice day . here she is looking through all the fresh vegetables . they had amazing red onions here are one of the workers picking them . and when you 're done shopping , you can get a delicious salad .
welcome to finger painting day , i 'm emmy and i 'm 3 . i am a little wild and out of control but i do love my finger paints . here is where i get paint all over my hands and i should n't touch my face ! i made this for my mom and my dad . they will love this . here is one that my friend made for me . i love it .
we wanted to find the perfect stop for a picture of the ocean . we realized we needed to get closer to the coast . we found a great turn off that came close to the view we wanted . it had a great view of the landscape , but still did not include the ocean . at last we found the perfect place to stop and got the picture we wanted .
it was a great day to swim at the pool . all our friends and family came today , since it was so hot . one of the kids suggested we race to the end of the pool . we tried a few races for the kids to get their competitive juices flowing . everyone did well , but only one of them won the race .
i took pictures today of various flowers we had in our shop , this is the first . next to this we had this lovely arrangement that had more variety . this one has even more color , some hints of orange here . this was my favorite as it had ribbons to accent the flowers . lastly this is a nice pair of flowers , this photo album will make a good promotional piece for the shop .
my dad and i went hiking last weekend . we went through some amazing valleys . the mountains had gorgeous rocks on them . there were hidden rivers all over the place . we met up with our friend before going home to eat .
said goodbye to kitty today for a week . [male] miss him . getting a drink before we hit the beach . look at the wave . no swimming today . heading down the trails for a bike ride . going to be fun . back in town for some much needed food with great friends .
hellen loved to give speeches but she was losing her touch . she felt like she did n't know what she was doing in front of so many people anymore . the questions she was getting asked were more about her hair and makeup . she wanted to talk about important topics and now hair . she finally decided that her next speech would be about feminism .
[female] introduced the twins to their new daddy . then the boys played cornhole . a tattoo artist was on hand , plying his wares . mom is going to love [female] 's new tattoo ! music was provided by placing a goose in a bag and squeezing it repeatedly . what do they wear under their kilts , anyway ?
a pristine night at the carnival after the opera . it feels good to unwind after such a regal event . makes you feel like a kid after all . and really brings out the smiles inside everyone . before we return to the prim and proper world we are accustomed to .
it was a beautiful winter day , foggy with chill in the air , but you could make out a deer crossing the ice . from a distance you could see something perched by an ice fishing hole . as we approached you realize its an eagle . he sat strong and elegant , probably searching for a meal . i 'd say this was one of the best days and views i 've had on this frozen lake .
we had a great time at the event we got to hear the speech there was free wine everyone had such a good time and even [male] spoke about the future
one soldier adjusts another 's formal fatigues . appearance is important , especially when going before the committee . the members of the committee also needed to prepare , and are feeling relaxed and attentive . deckard salutes the esteemed members , showing his respect for them , even though they 're all desk jockeys , while he saw real action in the arabian theatre . deckard testified to the committee for hours , exhaustively explaining why putting decapitated pow heads on stakes was necessary for morale . after careful deliberation , the committee agreed unanimously to recommend to the commander that new sops should specify decapitation for all .
mylee and [male] sitting next to their carved pumpkins . here 's the two of them with their dog and a family friend . [male] is showing his impression on mylee . mylee is trying to get the dogs to jump in the pool . finally the carvings are completed and look very scary .
the night here was cold but pleasant after the snowstorm . we used some of these light devices to make our way around safely . [male] and his son do a little sledding in the morning before breakfast his wife [female] is in good spirits this morning and is making breakfast . the couple discusses their plans for the day as their daughter checks out the refrigerator .
[female] went with her friends to the bar . they had drinks and laughed . then [female] had shots . drinking games are fun for [female] , she convinced one friend to join her . all her friends then joined her in a drinking game .
the world gets greener the closer you get to a st. [male] 's day parade . unfortunately , i came unprepared , but i found a kind irish vendor willing to sell me every green article of clothing you can think of . green hats are the most common ! we enjoyed a most irish day , watching authentic irish dance in the streets . and last but not least , a young man playing a bagpipe !
the field was all set up for the race . soon the speakers got ready to get the event going and the participants on their way . the athletes spent a few min discussing gear and renewing friendships . vendors were on hand to show off the newest gear . a summary of the day 's activities capped off the event .
my local football team was playing on saturday . we got together to celebrate the beginning of a new season for organization organization . the kids dressed in blue and orange and walked with horns . the people gathered together in a rally for the team . even the older fans showed up to brave the cold and celebrate the team .
it was a spring snow storm . cars were buried in the snowdrifts . a snow plow had cleared the street enough to drive on slowly . the only place still dry was the multi story parking lots . the street lights glowed like miniature suns . a street sign showed a green man , a signal that it was safe to cross . but was it , really ?
each group was allowed to make its presentation about anything they wanted . some expressed their thoughts through music . others you vocal talents to wow the crowd . the most impactful sessions were those with simple dialogue between two individuals . sometimes only one voice spoke volumes .
nature is so beautiful at this time of year , all the leaves turn green . there are bright pink flowers that adorn the trees . the water flowers appear from the pond . this particular pond has huge water lillies that float on the water . there are many different types of vegetation growing in the water .
this cannon is displayed outside a war museum . the exhibits include soldiers carefully entering a building . these are some weapons used to fight battles over the years . tanks from old wars are lined up outside . there is even a helicopter on display on the roof .
the family is getting ready for trick or treat . why not take a free ride ! who will get the best treat ? trick or treat ... give me something good to eat ! night time brings out the crowds and the fun .
our children are growing up fast . looking back on these photos from the 1980 's i can tell how much life has changed . i remember him being so excited to receive masters of the universe castle . his big wheel took him everywhere . but the best memories were not surrounded by toys , but by the ones he loves .
my friend [male] is about to graduate from college , he seems pretty happy . here are a couple of his friends who are graduating with him . i wanted to remember this day forever , so i took a picture of all my guys . finally over , here i am with my degree in art . i hope i get a job soon . my family wanted to remember this day , now they have to help me pay my student debt .
my son plays soccer for his school team , st. [male] [male] . he 's a very good player . he 's great at headers . we go to every single game . he might be shorter than the other players , but i 'd say he 's the best on the team . the action at the games is incredible . you would think you 're watching professional soccer . [male] 's ball control is getting better all the time . i think he might go pro at some point .
the kids had a blast on their first day in daycare . their first activity was to paint their foot and hand prints on a large piece of paper . everyone watched on as the kids dipped their toes in paint . the care workers helped the younger kids get paint on their feet . the end result was a masterpiece .
[female] and bo decided to have a big 4th of july party . they invited all of their closest friends to the party , including [male] . towards the end of the night everyone found a good spot on the grass to watch the fireworks . the fireworks were very beautiful that night . at the end of the night , everyone was tired including buster their dog .
the small cafe next to gallery is where i ate almost every night . while a lot of work had been completed for the grand opening , there was still more to do . that also included trying to figure out how to display some of the artwork . and making sure that our space was as organized as possible . which also meant that some things would just have to be stuck in a corner .
i always love coming to the fair each summer and i especially enjoy viewing the restored classic cars . the live music acts always help to provide the fair with a fun and upbeat atmosphere . they had a watermelon eating contest for the kids this year . i told my son to enter and he came in 2nd place ! many people were dressed in costumes for a historical pageant that was done this year .
a couple prepares for an ice skating dance together . first the girl shows off her skills in the rink . giving the audience a show , she displays her charm . now the couple takes the stage and steals the show . they dance together on the ice with ease .
batman and [female] sitting outside with the kids . they are so happy with their outfits 2 batmans and 2 organization in this photo and a baby look son , you will grow up to protect the city of location from evil it 's getting late , halloween day was fun .
a fireworks show was held on the fourth of july . the show started with a bright pink fire work bursting in the sky . it was followed by a bright blue and yellow explosion . the fire works exploded in time with music . there were white fire works ... and blue fire works . the finale was spectacular . multiple red and pink fire works exploded at the same time in the sky . the show was a hit !
the holiday party was in the museum of natural art this time . some of the decorations were odd for a holiday party . the food was very good , though , and most people enjoyed it . [female] and [male] had n't attending a party in a while , so everyone was very excited to see them . [female] and [male] had a lot of people wanted to take pictures with them . the party went on for a long time . at the end of the night , no one wanted to go home because they enjoyed talking to their friends so much .
we covered the turkey in bacon and put it in the oven . it came out perfect . we added some lettuce to the plate with orange slices on top . then we cut the turkey up to serve .
today the class was looking at history we saw a lot of old looking pictures . some of the pictures were of familiar places where we lived . however a lot of these places were of old parks that had been torn down . history sure is interesting . there 's a lot to learn !
we loved seeing all the boats . we were anticipating the next diver . we watched this guy fall face first in the water . we thought the stunts were amazing this place was crowded that we almost lost each other .
the bride and groom finally got married . they got together for a group photo . the bride and groom decided to cut the cake . the men at the wedding we 're ready to party . the guests were all enjoying themselves .
last night 's halloween party as so good ! the party committee spent a lot of time getting everything ready . a lot of people signed up for the event . there were many places to sit and have a conversation . outside we covered the trees in tissue paper .
my friends wedding was held outside . it took place in the autumn . the bride and groom both went to college with me . it was a pretty casual event . my uncle wore an ugly dragon shirt . they fed each other the cake .
the first to arrive to the gore party . its halloween and these two made a great pair . she surprised the camera with a blood strewn smile . they look at the couple covered in blood . the couple , drenched in blood pose for a moment .
taking pictures of people at the party , friends play around with there costumes and play around while taking the pictures then more pictures are taken while they play around and now the last one of someone else playing around with the girl and her costume
the day had finally entered it 's second half . everyone was on pins and needles . the game was so close through every second of the game . but finally the momentum started to shift . and one team managed to come out on top .
the group of friends had a night together to fun . everyone was so happy to see each other . then they sat outside for the night . the camera settings were off and captured some strange photos . even the dog joined them outside .
today , i went on a hike in the woods with some friends . we traveled through some freshly fallen leaves . we also went through a very rocky path . during one of our breaks , we decided to build fun rock sculptures . once we got to the end of the trail , we took some pictures of the view , it was gorgeous .
i am teaching a class about technology . i am teaching my students about new idams they are also learning about hard drives . i hope my class is an inspiration to others . class went well today hoped everyone thought the same .
we took a tour bus to tour the city on vacation . we got to go through the location location and see some great flowers . this [female] blossom tree was beautiful . we got to go along the river and see the entire city . then we got to go to a old cathedral at the end of the day and see inside of it .
i waited in the semi darkness for my bride . when we were pronounced man and wife , our smile made the room glow . the perfect wedding cake awaited us , it was pure white . but our lives were full of color as we stood as man and wife with our friends . my wedding day was wonderful , full the of laughter and smiles of my bride .
the kids grabbed made up 's when they jumped for the ball . the hoop stars made some crazy moves . a fan fell from the top deck and died . the janitor bear cleaned up the mess . the game went on and this dude shot like crazy . he dipped , ducked , dived , and dodged .
rob showed up to the halloween party dressed as an orange m & m . [female] and [female] looked so cute in their outfits . rob did n't have any luck with the ladies so he sat down to collect his thoughts . [male] showed rob how to pick up a woman . [female] took her belly dancer costume too far when she decided to perform the world 's worst dance .
this area is full of beautiful architecture . it 's great to get out to play in the water ! more old buildings like this ... ... and this , remind me of how beautiful they built things years ago . the vista is amazing !
i finally got all the parts for my desk . i had to put them all together . it took me forever to untangle all the wire . there were a lot of pieces . it took us all day long
my husband does n't take caution signs seriously , it may someday come back to bite him . we made sure to visit some historic homes on our vacation to the south . one house in particular had a large display of hunting trophies , kinda creepy . although a lot of historic homes in the southern location had amazing porches to look over farmlands . we could n't resist taking a photo in the near by walnut tree , it was massive .
the students awaited anxiously as the parents and guests arrived for the open house . the stage was decorated for the event with a floral spring theme . all the children did recitations from memory . a small art exhibit was displayed outside showcasing the student 's work . best friends forever after the big day !
my family and i arrived on top of the mountain at sunset . we took pictures inside the suv . we parked on the top of the mountain . we took pictures on top of the mountain . we looked over the mountain .
the game began between the teams . the players had a fun time playing each other . the red team was in the lead , but the green team was fighting back . the left winger on the green team was determined to score a goal . the game was nearing the end and the red team looked victorious .
bowling . now this is a way to spend an evening . pizza and bowling is double well the way to spend the evening . and who can forget bowling with a big lebowski reference ? this may be the best bowling ever . i always did tell my wife i had a lot of balls . unfortuantely , she took them from me and put them in that sack .
this looks like a scary ride . safety rules must be folioed at all times at the amusement park . this ride looks like a colorful sculpture in the sky . the people on this scary ride must be very brave . the park has pretty gardens for those who do n't care for the rides .
everyone 's bike was set up for the journey . there were so many lanes to overcome before moving onto a clear land . [male] did n't look excited , but more focused . my wife was very patient since she does n't have much experience riding bikes . i could n't recall a part of the journey involving a public display of affection .
i put a lot of bacon on the turkey . i had to cook it for many hours . i also made sure to have some vegetables . i also included some citrus . the turkey turned out great !
the family decided to take a beach vacation to celebrate their daughter 's birthday . up first : pedicures ! dad and the kids took a walk under the boardwalk while mom decorated . the girl blew out her candles and made a wish . but the puppy she wished for never showed . this made her sad . she cheered up after opening up presents .
this car owned by our manager . this red one belongs to my immediate supervisor . the black one owned by our team lead this one owned by our board of director . and i am proud to say that i owned this one .
not the greatest breakfast but it will fill me up enough to give me energy . here is the starting line ! woo hoo , i 'm gon na win this . breakfast tables of champions . here is my new shirt , i will cherish . here is where i '' m gon na win this race .
after the good food and conversation everyone is waiting on the end of night celebration it is starting to get late and people interests are waining so another round was served and now the fireworks begin
i went to a wedding last night , it was so much fun . i talked and dance with friends all night long . it was such a beautiful ceremony . i 'm so happy for them .
this is the moon as we went on our annual camping trip ! what a beautiful full moon ! when we got up the next morning , we hiked over to the next village . this is the view overlooking the village . we continued our hike and found many different colored leaves since it was fall . as we continued to hike , we came to a brick wall that came between us and the village . this is the wall that ended our hike . it was a great hike !
we took a tour of some of the most beautiful churches . they had the most beautiful stain glass windows . outside there were tombstones and memorials for locals who had died . we took some pictures to remember how beautiful they were . our last photo was that of someone who died during ww2 in the air force .
[male] and [female] 's wedding happend today . [female] looked so happy when she saw all of her family . there were around thirty people that showed up . family photos are always nice to have . people took pictures all night and i left early .
the graduation ceremony was beautiful last weekend . there were a lot of students there . many family members showed up to support me . i was very happy to see them all . they all got me a lot of flowers .
the wheel was tall and had a big ferris wheel . there was a light and the people were filming near the garden .
july 4th fireworks always mesmerizes especially the bright star like ones . the forelli brothers improved this year 's show by adding red highlights . and blue spheres with exploding stars in the center . and golden showers that streaked down like meteors . and increased the luminosity of the crowd favorite chrysanthemum bursts .
[male] is going on a stroll . he takes a selfie to capture the moment . he walks over to a famous garden of sculptures . he takes a picture of the manmade stream . he ends the stroll by the wall that has been decorated with children 's handprints .
the family went to a native american festival . we met some very talented and unique people while we were there . this is a basket that was made by the natives . we participated in the singing and dancing . its fascinating watching a master work .
my friends and i had an awesome halloween party ! we had so many snacks and appetizers , the assortment was endless . we even had cake pops that looked like eyeballs ! and look at this scary dip bowl ! everybody had a blast .
ahh halloween , first we sent the kids out with grandma . then the real fun began . my wife and i had a fun sword fight . my brother was making a weird alcoholic brew . and my wife 's brother was doing smoke tricks in the kitchen . what a fun and crazy halloween party we had .
i went for walk last night . there were a lot of people at the amusement park . nearby was the market . they always sell many unique and interesting things . i stopped to grab some food . after people starting to leave i decided to leave as well .
the kids banded together to make a train out of wood . everyone used proper safety precautions . the kids were allowed to decorate the inside 's of their cars . this made for a great father/son activity . when it was all done , the kids got to ride the train . choo choo !
as they walk up they check out the sign before the festivities he paused to take a picture . he took a picture of his best friends before the party started . they are headed out to the light show . the bright lights were quite exciting to end the night .
the group had a celebration among themselves . the room was decorated with balloons and ribbons . the cake was enjoyed by all . and there was plenty of food . a few antics were performed to entertain the crowd .
another day at work . these cords really need untangled . really really needed untangled . finally it was making progress . just in time for business it was done .
she does n't want to share her candy with her little brother before she goes to school . [female] walking [female] to school in the rain . all the kids showing up for school . [female] it stops raining so the kids can go outside today . [female] did n't want another picture , but she 's just so cute . he 's waiting for [female] to get home from school . he always misses her .
fido is a little nervous since the humans seem to be behaving a little strangely . fido has never seen a group with masks and shields and swords . he is even more nervous as he observes a really tall biped with an ugly face . the hot blond does little to settle fido 's nerves . fido is frozen . he does n't quite feel fear , but he is sure anxious . finally he begins to relax because he sees these humans with regular faces and they are smiling .
a vintage advertisement for a clinical school . there were nurses training in an open room . there was a vintage advertisement for dental chairs . there were also advertisements for contraptions like static machines . there was a souvenir spoon available fir $ 1.75 .
the wedding day had finally arrived , and the weather was beautiful . the bride did n't want to wear a traditional wedding gown . a nice group photo of the family is taken after the ceremony . `` here , enjoy some of our wedding cake ! '' a toast to many years of happiness for the new couple .
we arrives early to buy some food . it smelled so good walking up . every nearby place had their menus set up so everyone could see them . it took us awhile to pick out what to eat . it all looked delicious . we decided on a taco truck that had a particularly cool owner . a lot of other people had the same idea and we stood in line , eagerly awaiting our meals .
when we were in location we got to go to the local farmer 's market . there were many local farmers selling all sorts or fruits and vegetables . some vendors had meats and cheeses and fresh fish . we had lunch at the market 's open air restaurant . after lunch , we found a small candy shop and got some dessert .
the festivities began with a speech by the groom . a lovely photo will be cherished forever . i told the group to take a photo in front of the mountains . the couple never goes anywhere alone . [male] was jealous that his best friend got married that night .
the soldiers stood at attention as they unfolded the american flag . as they continued to unfold the flag , the chaplain started the funeral service . the soldiers held the flag in honor over the casket . the soldier 's children took a picture at the funeral , where they were honoring their father . the children and son in law took a picture at the funeral celebrating their father 's life .
the meeting was quite tense , and not starting well . but some concessions were made , and diplomacy was advancing . other groups were more successful overall , almost friendly . after the meeting there were some presentations of troops . and finally a speech to the public .
the kids arrived early to register for the event . some girls sold candy . they got their faces painted . this boy wanted to be a tiger . everyone had fun at the event .
the tourists arrived in the city at sunset . they walked towards the buildings under construction . as they passed buildings , the lights came on inside . they stopped to admire the new construction . they watched the construction workers do a few final jobs before they went home for the day .
mother of the bride relaxing until its time to get ready . mother and daughter so happy together . the bride and her entourage . the groom is trying to put on her belt . the cake looks delicious .
we had a party at work today . we had a great time . we made a lot of conversation . and learned a lot of things . there was a lot of food there .
i went to the market to buy some spices . they had so many different kinds there . it was for a very good price . i bought what i needed and then i browsed for a bit more . i decided to buy some wine as well .
the table setting was gorgeous for the party . the little ones were hungry , and ready to eat . we gathered around and gave thanks for what we were thankful for . the little ones look goofy in their hats . we sat around the table and enjoyed the great meal .
my college roommate 's wedding was held at a very fancy hotel . you should have seen the breakfast cappechinos there ! the wedding was beautiful . [female] and [male] looked so amazing . the cake was a work of art . both of them just looked so happy . watching them dance , it felt like the start of a real fairy tale .
i was so excited to take my dog snuggles to the pet meetup . there were so many cute dogs at the meetup . the outfits were adorable but i wanted to find a friend for snuggles . finally i spotted a dog that was dressed as superman that looked perfect for snuggles . i met some great people at the meetup and set up play dates for snuggles .
we are making an asian meal today , first we cook the greens then we cook the pork . after we make a desing for the plates then we get to wat our meals
i really love location . sex sells everything . it does n't matter what it is . just put some hentai on it . and it will sell .
my friends and i went to a club . we all get together some time for a good time . there were lots of people at the club . we all danced and sang with the music . at the end of the night , we all had had fun .
halloween was a special time at the house . the house was fully decorated . the decor was very creepy . lots of fun snacks were waiting for the guests . the combination of the decor and the treats made this a memorable halloween season .
had a great morning on the first day of school . he was leaving . the baby brother said goodby . the kids will miss him . they waited for him to get on the bus .
an event planner pulls up to an empty parking lot and takes a picture of the space for their client . inside the building they are given a tour of the facilities to see the space that is avaliable . there are several large open rooms that are available for rent for a large event . as they step outside the planner takes a picture of the secondary parking lot for additional guests . finally they take a picture of the view from the balcony of one of the event spaces , showing a soccer field with a quiet forest behind .
i just moved into town and i am looking for a house . this house looks nice , let 's see how it looks inside . the kitchen is perfect ! just the right size . not too big , not too small . the dining room is not my favorite color , but looks nice regardless of the color . i will probably repaint it . the living room is very nice . pretty simple , which is how i like it . the most important part of the house is the bathroom , to me . it looks marvelous ! i think this is going to be the house for me !
the friends went to the baseball game . the crowd was going wild as the pitcher wound up . everyone cheered when the mascot arrived . he jumped around doing all kinds of crazy stuff . the game came to a close as it got dark .
the zoo got a new gator they needed to place it in the new habitat the gator did n't take to his new surroundings so them moved him to a different location he seems content now
eating dinner with friends . bike riding to the studio . examining a blank canvas with blank cross in it . the work station blue and green paint spray on a canvas .
the boys enjoyed working together and took turns making sure they could sit in the box . he thought his sister using a power tool was hilarious and they both got a severe case of the giggles . he wants the cart to be perfect and has studied the instructions many times over . hooking the carts together was not an easy task and required many helping hands . the project was worth all the hard work ! even grown-ups wished they could have a turn .
the guys working in the yard before dinner . our sunday family dinner . plenty to go around . decided to read the kids a story after dinner . she kept him up late last night .
the school was full of information . the men we 're dressed in safety suits . i did n't know how well organized the event was . all the men were coordinated . i drove my car home .
we listened attentively to the presenter . we then worked on fixing the device . it was easier working as a group to fix it . we made sure to patrols as well . we then trained as a group .
we had a costumer party for halloween , and i decided to start my dressing like a horse . my friend [female] put together halloween cupcakes for the party . another friend decided to dress in a theme i could only describe as `` zombie swan lake . '' she put on a little show for us behind a red sheet . we all posed for pictures together , even the friends who did n't come in costume .
our family stayed in a resort that had a large swimming pool . while everyone else was busy doing all kinds of activities , the baby spent a lot of time sleeping . mom sat down watching the kids playing . some members of our family hang out at the pool . the boys played basket ball and had a lot of fun . we promised the children that we would return to this resort next summer .
we visited location this summer and loved every minute . a visit to location location location was the highlight of our trip . here 's [female] posing in front of a huge glacier . the rivers were full of spawning salmon and other fish . the best part of our journey was the near solitude we had in the wilderness .
the church the couple had chosen for their wedding was gorgeous . the wedding was in full swing and everyone looked amazing . the bride and groom were the most gorgeous . everyone was having fun and the wedding was working out perfectly . everyone danced and had fun , the night was amazing .
today was a typical fun day at my house and it made me smile . i played a game of monopoly with my younger sister . we all sat around the table and enjoyed a delicious dinner . my brothers sat on the floor and watched television . we stayed up so late that my brother fell asleep on the sofa .
a fun event was planned for the evening . this little kid is helping out with the saw . these kids are learning all about how to make stuff out of wood . a real hands on experience is being given to the children . after the work is done they sit down and listen to the teacher teach them more about how to make stuff out of wood .
the city was filled with historic buildings . the choir gathered and sang a beautiful melody . finally dawning my appropriate uniform , i smile for the camera . two women pose with me and my dog . the dog appears to smile for the camera as well .
the pre-game antics were very amusing . the team bear was very funny . the 2 star player squared off as the game began . [male] smart took off on a run . he scored the game winning basket .
aunt [female] laughed at her nieces and nephews having fun in the pool . uncle [male] was out of it after eating three plates of food . the cake which was designed as the american flag was very delicious . the family made sure to keep everyone safe when lighting the fireworks . one of the best fireworks of the night concluded the family festivities .
we had an exciting day at the fair ! the lights lit up the night and the rides made us all dizzy . the dragon coaster was mom 's favorite . the arcade games had the funniest stuffed monkeys as prizes . we threw a million darts trying to win one !
the main lobby where you wait . this is what the operating room used to look like . he is a famous doctor . here is a picture of different things . making a doctor 's visit more comfortable .
we spent the day at the park . we had the babies there . we had the grannies there . at dusk we all did a prayer circle . i think i need a new tattoo to commemorate the occasion .
there was already a big crowd when we got there . we got a few nice pictures near the fountain . it was an exciting day , very dramatic ! someone there had extra flags for us . we continued to demonstrate , making sure we were heard .
here 's the family eating food , it 's delicious . they are all so family oriented that they did n't realize that their is n't enough chairs ! they all encourage to eat as much food as possible , even the kid has a sippy cup . some people need a break from eating too much food . some people like to read after eating too much !
the crowd gathered for the event . protesters where all along the sidewalk . there where speeches on the matter . a coffin was brought in for visual effect . there was praying and chanting throughout the day .
after walking down the pier for hours we decided to take a walk through downtown . we stopped here to have a bite to eat . there were many large billboard signs that we saw throughout downtown . some of the apartment buildings downtown are very tall . this building had so many plants on the property .
it seemed that everyone had come to see [male] perform for the halftime show , including [male] and [female] . and , their little brother and mother ! and , the mean girls of chestnut night school even came out to support [male] . and , then he took of , leaping over the cardinal mascot and slammed the ball home . and , the band celebrated certain victory for [male] in the slam dunk contest !
the play i was in last night was fabulous . this is [female] , [female] and i talking on stage . i was so styling my curlers . `` do n't look at me i 'm hideous ! '' i cried my lines . my pal [female] was so good . she screamed and flung herself all over . the guys , [male] and [male] were okay . i would have chose different but they were perfect assholes as they should have been . `` no way ! we do n't eat meat here ! '' we turned up our noses . the wiener monologues were so much fun !
the buffet had so much food to choose from . there was the kind for people that eat healthy . there was kind for people more interested in meat . there was kinds that people had no idea about . and there was fruit that was very nice to look at and looked delicious .
[male] started the open mike night off with a bang . [male] was next , playing some kind of country hybrid song . [male] played some hippy stuff that the crowd did n't care for . [male] tried to rap , but he was n't very good at it . [female] 's powerful voice totally blew the crowd away .
we eat a hearty breakfast before setting out on our nature walk . the meadow is full of flora and fauna . these fuchsia flowers really stand out against the green fields . the orchids are the most beautiful flowers i have seen . but my favorite thing is the leaning trees . i wonder about how they grow like that . mother nature is awesome .
this women came out of a story book she entered the real world . she saw many magical things that the real world had . she even made friends with a few ladies . one of her friends fainted and she needed true friendship to wake her up . so the women from the story book offered her true friendship and her friend woke up .
i went to a club the other night . boy , was it crowded ! i went upstairs and took pictures of the people . the band was upstairs too . they played songs for the crowd . we danced and waved to our friends . everyone had a good time .
the conference opens with an announcement of organization tv and the crowd goes wild . people are roaming about the conference floor to get their eyes on the newest gadgets . the iphone is encased in a circular shell to protect it as if it is a piece of jewelry . from the front , we gaze upon its retina display . a organization is shown , with built-in apple connectivity features .
a group of friends and i drove to visit a church . when we got there we planned are day together . there was a bird flying in the sky that i have never seen . the day was sunny and cloudy at the same time . when we arrived at the church it was huge .
our daughter was voted homecoming queen this year . she 's a star cheerleader and very athletic . my daughter is very popular with the whole squad . even the marching band loves her . practice makes perfect , kids ! the team quarterback was voted king . he finally asked my daughter for a date .
a ceo from our local bank came to our school today . he came to do a presentation to our economics class . he used a projector and slides to make it easier to understand . he was quite informative and we were all engaged in the presentation . he took questions at the end and i think we all learned a lot .
it was graduation time many waited patiently for their named to be called finally the time had come at last many parents and family members were proud of their kids and some celebrated with a few drinks
it was a nice day to hit the slopes . everyone was ready to enjoy the day by the lodge . the sky was clear and the slopes powdered with fresh snow . these slopes can get pretty high . a great day was had by all . they ca n't wait to go back .
we went to a museum last week and took pictures of lots of paintings . our goal was to get design ideas for our new apartment . we liked contrasting colors . interesting sceneries were also part of it . we ended up loving this painting and asked them to buy it , but one million dollars was out of our budget .
there were so many sweets to eat at the market , i wanted to buy them all . there were also healthy options that looked just as good . it was hard for me to take my eyes off the sweets though . afterwards , we took a walk into town to see the lights . there were even old cars that zoomed down the streets .
he made a board for them . there assignment was to post their dreams on it . their ambitions . their goals . since it was anonymous , a few left pranks .
they visited the tourist attraction on an overcast day . inside they found a museum . they took their time to appreciate the art . there were paintings and sculptures . there was even a beautiful drawing of the building itself .
it was a perfect day to spend outdoors . a hike seemed like a good idea . spring was the best time to hike in the mountains . rock climbing was also good that day . the views were magnificent .
a helicopter flew high and displayed the flag . from my view , i took a picture of the architecture . the city was full of life and business . we visited the cathedral to scout the statue . we arrived at the statue and took a great photo .
our summer vacation this year was camping in the great outdoors . we were in for an adventure ! we saw this eagle nesting in the tree near our campsite . such a beautiful bird ! i went to the store to stock up on food for the weekend , while my husband set up the tent on our site . when i got back to the site , my husband had everything set up and was lounging in his chair . this was a great night . then , right before we went to bed..we saw this spider ! it was gigantic ! i insisted we head to a hotel instead .
i went to the capitol yesterday . there were many people in the street . it was raining . but they were out protesting anyway . there was also a coffin in the middle of the road .
that night we saw beautiful fireworks . the sunrise was gorgeous the next day . then we even saw a shooting star . the sunset and the buildings was beautiful . we ended our night watching the sun go down .
the crowd arrived for the conference . the first presenter offered a lecture to the crowd . after each presentation , the speakers would allow the audience to ask questions . then when the lecture was done the room would clear out . in the lobby , the conference was serving food to the guests .
halloween is her favorite holiday . this boy and girl picked the pumpkins they wanted to carve . she said she is going to carve a princess on her pumpkin . he wants to carve batman on his pumpkin . she ca n't decide which pumpkin she wants to take home . `` can i take them all ''
i went to the thrift store . i bought a vintige type writer . i saw tons of costume jewelry there were necklaces also . i bought an old pan !
this dad and his daughter were ready to have a great day , but she needed a quick bite first ! come on , get a strike ! looking over his shoulder , the man sees just 9 pins fall . go for the spare ! about to try for another strike ! she loved her day at the bowling alley , but i think she loved the fish most of all .
two office coworkers sent notes to each other . they were playful and sometimes cute . one of them had really nice handwriting . they did this every day and i noticed they blushed when they read them . if i recall correctly , they always meet in the bathroom after reading each others ' notes .
today is the most important day of my life , being married to my significant other i decided to take a picture of the wedding site before everyone came and took their seats . the marriage certificate makes everything official however , it does n't hold much value to me . my family decided to visit my house after the ceremony and reception . everyone was too energetic and forgot about sleeping .
it was veteran 's day and the weather was beautiful for a parade . each branch of the service sent representatives to honor the day . veterans and supporters came from all over the country . there was a large crowd and the atmosphere was very patriotic . the highlight was when the vice president arrived to make a speech .
a concert was held in location location . dancers stood outside . the guitarist played a solo . the bassist pointed his instrument at the crowd . the lead singer pointed his finger at the crowd the concert organizer thanked the people for attending .
the halloween party was kicking off . it was a gore fest . it looked realistic . the blood was everywhere . not a place in the whole building was n't touched by it .
this concert was really fun ! there were a lot of people there and the performers even got the crowd involved . the performers themselves were very talented and really got people excited for the party . at the end of the day , we all had fun singing , dancing and making memories .
i recently took a trip through location location . my geneology research lead me to the church my grandmother was baptized in . near the church is the cemetery where my ancestors are buried . while at their graves i reflected upon the difficult lives they had in that village . it was so emotional for me that i had to unwind at this nearby pub .
here is the happy couple on vacation . i 'm in the rocket taking it for a test drive . my wife is trying out her own rocket to see what she thinks . checking out the control panels to make sure i can operate them . before i get in i need to make sure i can drive it .
the soccer match was hotly contested , and these players fought for the ball . after scoring a goal , teammates celebrated . one player patrols his area of the field during the match . players milled around during a brief stoppage in the action . the game ended with the blue team kicking the ball around .
mrs. [male] went on a tour , visiting different politicans and people . she talked with her staff , and discussed her plan to run for the presidency . she even gave a speech , to inspire her supporters . she met some more politicians , and people loved seeing her . at the end of the day , she met with her supporters , and they got to talk to the person they wanted to be president .
everyone is ready to take pictures for this years halloween party . the pirate ca n't find an ocean so he posses to the next closest thing . the host had a little trouble decorating this year , but he did the best he could . some of the guest tried harder on their costumes than others . despite the odd decorations everyone had a great time . at the end of the night the host insisted that they get a group picture .
a group of friends are getting together for a few drinks . they all get caught up on old times and tell stories . then they go down to the water and out on a pontoon boat . after that they sit and wait for sunset . then after dark they have a few more drinks and a couple more laughs .
the people arrived to get ready for the craft fair . the various merchants set up their booths . the different merchants got together to talk before people began to arrive . even the kids got to make some crafts . everyone is set up and ready for the craft fair .
today we are celebrating are love for each other , so we went out to eat . the couple was goofing off but was so happy . this couple is just too in love but are really cute together . we moved to the other side to hang out and drink a little bit . finally back home with my mom . we had fun .
we all got together for our family sunday dinner . the children were fascinated with the little lizard . the cooking was a chore but everyone chipped in and helped . the fruits of our labor on display , it was so delicious . everyone had a fine time as we usually do for our family dinner .
i convinced my friends to go with me to the party last night . they put together their own costumes for the party . we got a lot of candy from trick or treating . we laid out all of our catch for the day . we wondered how we were going to eat all of it .
these maps show where all the major storms were . a large tornado touched down . everyone in the neighborhood was in fear of losing their homes . as you see , the clouds were very dark and sinister . they brought heavy rainfall and flooded roads .
he loved his boat and spending time on the water . no one had loaded the ski 's so they had to settle for the tube . he gave each of them a turn on the tube . when it was his best friends turn , he pulled him over the wake on purpose . the water was the perfect temperature and the sky was clear and blue .
she loved her aunt . everyone said she had her mothers blue eyes . she certainly did n't get her mothers big feet though . fortunatly , her feet were of average size , like her aunts . her hands she thought were unique unto herself .
this day was a very special day , as someone was celebrating their birthday . the chocolate cake was sitting in all its glory , waiting to be devoured by the hungry guests . everyone gathered around to sing happy birthday and to eat some cake . afterwards , everyone decided to spend some time relaxing . but it was n't long before people went back for second servings of the cake .
there 's only one person i can really call a friend in my life . my friend 's name is whiskers . he 's always been there for me when no one else was . i do everything together . especially eat . and when i 'm sleepy he 's there to cuddle with me .
we set up the bird before we shoved it in the oven . here is some sweet potatoes we are mashing . here is the bird , cooked , in all its delicious glory . we carved up the bird because we wer ehungry . our desserts we sweet and out of this world .
we hang out at the bar today . we played a lot of pool . we 'd go a bit crazy sometimes . we look lots of pictures . it was a great time .
some of the organization workers smile for the camera . a organization worker sitting in front of the camera . a different organization worker pose for the camera with a visitor . the same worker but by herself posing for the camera . four organization workers posing for a picture from a different camera .
many people visit location , it is a beautiful place to go . some people love coming in by boat it makes the traveling very nice . even the bridges are so breathtaking . the view is beyond amazing . going into museums you can see wonderful works of art . the outside has many statues honoring people . this one for instance , with a man on his horse .
this little guy was chirping for a mate . this hawk was on the lookout for some food . this little bird had already found some breakfast . a bird swimming along searching for some food . a shrike prowling the field for some food .
this group is cheering [male] on . [male] arriving at the start of the race . runners competing in the race . a happy group of well wishers pose for a picture . the runner is wearing a silver blanket to keep in body heat .
the students at organization entered a robot competition . they planned their robot . they then built the robot . they made it look like a human . they got to the competition and waited their turn . whend it was therir turn they showed off their robot and won the competition . they they then got to keep the robot that lost to theirs .
i went on vacation last weekend . the city was beautiful at night . i had a great time walking around . i enjoyed all of the sights . the buildings were very beautiful .
we went to the cyress rally this weekend . alot of countries were represented . they gave me this cool hat . i also got a special laminate rally pass . they also include an event program
i was walking along the shore when i spotted a baby seal . it was awesome ! i had to stop and take a picture of it . i tried to hide so that it would n't see me and run away . my dog saw the seal and wanted to approach it . the baby seal eventually crawled over to its parents .
it was a sunny day in gator nation we looked for t-shirt designs and saw an opportunity to get one air brushed my husband 's idea of entertainment was to drink beer instead . despite it being organization organization , we ca n't play with the gators but it did n't matter because we got ourselves a air-brushed shirt !
we 're celebrating independence day ! we were able to see some great fireworks ! this one looks like a dandelion floating in the wind . earlier we saw a band practicing for the parade . this is the location location location . this is where they launched the fireworks .
when life gives you lemons.. make lemonade out of it . that what i did . at first i was quiet about it . until i met this guy . i love this guy . now i am a open and proud about being gay
our award ceremony opened with the color guard presenting the flag . there was a large crowd in attendance . the commissioner gave a great speech about the importance of our job and congratulated us on doing it well . the best part of the ceremony was when they began to announce the names of those that would get the awards . i was really surprised and happy to receive the job well done pin !
everyone is enjoying the party . everyone has a drink in their hand ! there were a lot of people who showed up to the party . everyone comes to get a drink . there were plenty of drinks for everyone .
during a battle with a terrorist group , we decided to scope out the area . we found that the terrorists were holding children hostage . as the expert sniper , i took out tons of terrorists without there being any casualties . the children were happy to be saved . to finish off the terrorists , we had someone get in the turret and mow down all of them as they ran at us in a last ditch effort . they failed , and we won . we celebrated our win , and to make the children feel better , we gave them gift . it was a good day .
bride got her flowers and is ready to get married . the bridesmaids are happy also waiting for them to get married , then the bride and her dad walks her to the stand , and the couple are pronounced married and get ready to kiss , and finally they start to have fun and dancing at the wedding
[male] had a cookout with all of his friends . they had everything you can think of cooking on the grill . [male] met a nice young lady named [female] at the cookout . [male] 's cousin sal and his girlfriend had to leave early . after everyone ate they hung out by the pool for the rest of the evening .
my costume had finally arrived in the mail just in time for the party . i had a great time showing it to all the people there . after a while i decided to rest in the living room . i had a great time there . some of the other costumes were very good too .
the farm stretched for acres and miles , more than i could count . all of the trees provided ample shade . the lake has a beautiful blue color . minimal plants grew on the dirt filled hills . a woodpecker made a hole in the tree .
we went to a car show . there was a lot of information there . lots of old cars . some have been restored . it was an interesting event .
my husband and i bought a new house for our family . my favorite room is the bathroom . our son seems to really like our new house . we invited our friends over for a house warming party . but it was rainy outside so we could n't go on our new deck .
it was a nice clear day for the service . many paid their respects as he was laid to rest . there were so many people who came to show their support many people shared stories about him . his family receives the flag in his honor .
the people took a swim before the race . they got on their bikes and began the race . after the bikes , they had to run on foot . number 90 was encouraged by a friend to move on . at the end of the race , the awards were handed out .
we went on the rooftop to see the city on this snowy day . walking down town to get our errands done , we saw many people in their day to day lives . walking is good for people watching .
the morning before the protest , the streets were empty . fences were put up to keep the peace . slowly , people started to make their way to the designated area . there were many there who supported marriage equality . while others felt strongly about traditional marriage values .
gathering friends and family for [male] 's retirement . sharing stories w/ old friends . anyone want cake ? [female] made a beautiful cupcake display . congrats mr . klink !
a sign pointed to a local historic site . i made sure not to dig up anything with the shovel i brought . nature was sprawling and tall trees were everywhere . a slab was dedicated to telling us about the park . a stone had writing carved into it that we could n't read because we walked by it too fast .
these three people are charged with consorting with satan deep in the forest at night . they plead innocent at the village meeting . [female] voted to drown them . [male] voted to stone them -- not with rocks , just some mushrooms he 'd saved from the druid daze festival . jen and tod abstained because they 'd been in the woods with the accused and did n't want to be ratted out . [male] ( who had n't been paying attention ) decided to vote with the majority . the accused will be stoned at dawn .
i went to [female] 's party last night and it was a mess . everyone was wearing the weirdest clothing . so many people were drunk . i took a picture will shelly and left . i went home and had a relaxing time with my sister .
there were not a lot of people on the street today . i walked for a while . there were a lot of people at the corner . they were having some kind of rally . i decided to go with them .
the chefs were getting made fun of while they held signs . people were protesting and blocking the streets from the bikers .
[male] pointed out a spot on the wall that was completely empty . he decided it was too empty and needed to be drawn on . so he found some art supplies and drew a unicorn . [female] joined in and started drawing cool designs on the wall . their other friend , [male] , was just being crazy though , and his artwork was to nail a toilet seat to the wall and draw a fish in the middle . it was really funny , but not very practical . overall , though , they had fun decorating the walls .
this was quite a scene today as a group of men were rallying in the park this group was fighting for their cause and for freedom many of them were speaking out about terrorism and war the group consisted of all age groups and people from all walks of life this young man was speaking out for a good cause
our family got together for a feast a few nights ago . the kids had a lot of cool things to look at . the meal took a long time to prepare . as you can see , it worked out very nicely and we all ate a lot . we took one last picture with my sisters and brothers before we left .
today was the day . the big event . everyone was there . it was so exciting . i loved the show .
there were a lot of people at the party last week . i had a great time there . i met a lot of new people . everyone was having a good time playing around . after a while we got tired and fell asleep .
my whole family came to visit me in location today . my mom and dad showed up first . then my grandparents and cousin came to see me . my brother could care less , he just wanted to play on his computer . i took my dad out for a ride on my scooter while he was in town .
i love nature . the beautiful dragonflies . the pretty flowers . the grand views . and the baby geese .
it was a charming old store . an old man was sitting outside the entrance . books were her great escape . she was a regular , stopping by weekly . today there was n't much traffic which was good for her since she had walked .
[female] loves to read so many books . she really enjoyed the book she was reading . [female] takes good care of her dog that she named scruffy . sometimes she gets sad thinking about being away from her family . she started smiling a bit because she knows we love .
finally saved up enough money for a new house . the bathroom was a little dated . it also had a window will have to replace that . [female] brought her baby [male] he loved the new house . the realtor was really nice he gave us a tour at night . the porch was amazing i imagine i 'll be spending hours here .
my friends and i went to the organization organization . we saw a bunch of nice trees and bushes . some of the bushes were so big . these were my favorite flowers hanging from the trees . my friends and i had a great time .
remember when halloween was scary monsters and stuff ? well evidently no one at [male] and steph 's party did . i spent most of the night trying to figure out what [male] was supposed to be . and [male] as a really politically incorrect pimp ... that was just sad . [male] had a pretty accurate army costume , because it was his actual organization . well at least [male] was scary , since i hate clowns . but [female] still does n't get what dressing up means .
group photo of us at a halloween festival ! it was crazy packed that night . the city streets were full of costumed drunks ! here is [male] looking for affection ... and he gets his wish !
the dagger of power was shorn upon the grey and black plaid clothe . matching rings of power , forged by master chinese steelworkers , reflected light and hope alike . the quaint mountain church had been cleaned and made ready for the joining of the highlanders . seen here , after the wedding , happy and ready to embark on a life of joy and bliss . alas , it was then that [female] 's adult diaper noticeably tore , and no adjusting of her green dress was going to hide it .
i finally got my new car today ! i was so excited about my new car that i had to take photos for instagram . of course , i decided to do a sexy pose to get those likes up ! after that , i did the sensible thing like check the engine and all that . now i 'm ready to drive my car all afternoon !
the sisters had a great time on easter sunday . the whole family came together . the girls took a picture with their grandmother , aunt , and uncle . even the twins made it to the event . it was great to be around the whole family .
it was dad 's 74 birthday . almost all the immediate family showed up to celebrate . uncle frank got a little to into the game . like always . it was karaoke time one of franks favorite games . when he started to sing everyone ran away . the driveway was gridlocked so many people was leaving .
i love sitting on the grass and watching fireworks on the 4th of july . the blue swirly one has always been one of my favorites . my dog , boomer , did n't like it so much . but it did get [female] 's attention inside the house where she had gone to get a snack . she got back just in time to watch the rest of the pyrotechnic show with me . it was a very happy independence day .
i go to my mother 's gravesite once a year . lately , the place does n't seem well kept up . i find a lot of litter on the ground , and try to pick it up when i can . there 's always one or two graves completely covered with flowers , but others that seem to never see a visitor . i spend time sitting near my mother 's grave , and think about how short life is . i miss her every day .
today is halloween . the friends and family all dressed up to celebrate the day . even the baby dressed up . i do n't really think the baby knew what was going on , though . it was a nice memorable halloween for the family .
the ceremony was held in a vintage church . they even had classic cars to take them to the reception . the reception was held in a nice tent in the country side . it was a great time for people to hang out and catch up . it also gave the couple an opportunity to have photos taken of their special day .
in the city that night , there were a lot of lights and people . i think the camera crew was setting up a scene . there was a plastic pool in the middle of the road . we chose to pay more attention to the random walkway . my friend found this smaller replica of a bus .
to all of those moms and dads who are willing to sacrifice everything for all of us , thank you . for those little people , who have to wait for daddy to get home for a hug , thank you . midnight feedings do n't seem so bad , if we think about what your midnights have been like . thank you , daddy , for preserving her freedom . and thank you , for inspiring a whole new generation .
careful , that 's live . one spark and this place would blow . kaboom , that 'd be all she wrote . do n't forget the sandbags . easy , easy with those torpedoes .
everyone was excited to go to the big organization organization . there was a pre-party before everyone left for the big party . some people dressed in outrageous costumes . others wore more traditional costumes . a few people need to rest a bit before going out for the night .
i hosted a halloween party at my town house and toto loved it . the delousa family dressed up as ninjas . a guy with a skull mask showed up . toto was curious as to why so many strange creatures were at our town house . the end of the night called for a costume contest .
this was the office going away party for huang and wang our representatives for location office . we got them a cake and most everyone stayed after hours to say good bye . this was the moment when they were forced to give a speech . they did n't expect this so it was quite amusing watching them try to shy away . huang making the first cut of the cake so we could finally partake .
a long night , but he went for the basket . he was almost blocked . looking to pass was a hard task . the crowd wanted more from the team . that was the first three-pointer of the night .
we had an old fashioned funeral for our grandmother today . here is a picture of the whole family . my dad and brother helped carry the casket along . we loaded it into the wagon . some of our family road on horses along with her .
it 's the annual halloween party , i went as a woman . the bar always decorates well . people who do n't dress up get photo bombed . sometimes things get a little hot and steamy at the party . everyone leaves having a good time .
[female] and rain loved shopping . they loved the crowds and the deals at the local mall . rain wanted to get some bracelets . they both tried on some silly glasses for fun . rain 's brother [male] tried the same glasses on and bought them .
everyone was excited for today 's wedding . the event was situated on an island , surrounded by clear waters . the guests were also having the time of their lives . the wedding cake is as beautiful as everyone expects it to be . a beautiful scenery in the sky concluded the wonderful day .
here is [male] on the way to getting dressed for graduation . he looked handsome once he put on his robes . we got to have this card to remember the day by . we had to keep from cheering when [male] got up . he was so proud of his diploma .
dressed in hazard gear , they hoped to make an impact on the community . armed with flyers , they were determined to make a difference . many people stopped and listened to what they had to say . others were hesitant , wanting to get away as quickly as possible . in the end , it seemed that they had done some good for their cause .
i finally had the opportunity to visit an ancient civilization during summer break . along with viewing many old monuments , several art exhibits were up for display , including some that were religious . after the exploration , i decided to roam around the city with my friends to look for a bar . we had a toast to a great day .
the group gathered for the ceremony . they all helped plant the tree . they talked about future plans for the land . then they laid a ceremonial wreath . the area will be a great tribute when it is finished .
when i got to the race it was early morning and the runners were almost finished . they were nearly at the finished line . all of the people had come to see who the winner would be . eventually she came round the corner as the sun was rising and she finished the race . she was very happy .
one of the university 's football players won a prestigious award , so the school decided to hold a banquet to benefit his accomplishments . the school band performed , as did the cheerleaders . even the head of the alumni association made a speech about how proud alumni were of their school 's continual excellence . the benefit was extremely successful and the football player felt really good about all the glory that he had brought to his alma mater .
[male] decided to steal his neighbor 's cat , mr. boots . [male] 's mom and sister stared in disbelief when he introduced the cat to them . [male] had to force the cat to stay since it kept trying to run out the front door . [male] made a salad for the cat , but he did n't realize cats do n't eat lettuce . fed up with mr. boots ' escape attempts , [male] decided to lay on the cat to make him stay .
everyone showed up for the party at the club . the dj was definitely the life of the party . he was also very good at his musical job . the night was danced away by the crowd . even some kids came out before the night was over .
he watched the news on the television . he decided to dvr it for later . he got up and made the coffee . he grabbed his book just before leaving . as he walked he noticed scaffolding had been erected but he was n't sure why .
we decided to take a walk outdoors on a fine fall day . the paths were clear and the landscape was lush . the railroad tracks always provide a good background . the water was bustling by under the bridge . finally , we reached downtown and stopped for a bite to eat .
the groom and his buds pose for the camera . they all perform an indian ritual in front of everyone . the groom and some family talk with each other . the bride looks on as the others dance . the whole family then huddles together for a photo
inside this spooky house , important business is happening . all these pumpkins shall be transformed into [male] o'lanterns . the family takes their task very seriously . first a face is drawn on the pumpkin then a sharp knife is used to carve the face out . a candle is placed inside and the pumpkin will glow for hours .
the location location played the major role in winning the war against the organization and their allies in wwii and this is the location location where our president is allowed to stay during his 4 to 8 year term . the nazis in location set up prison death camps where they murdered millions of jews during wwii . they built these furnaces so they could dispose of the bodies . some ( if not all ) of the nazis seen in this picture were brought to trial for their war crimes against humanity . here we see the actual pictures of nazis on trial where they were tried , convicted and soon after killed for their atrocities .
i decided to spend st. [male] 's day with a few friends . we set up a tarp to protect us from rain while we hung out outside . [male] thought he looked really good in a green hat . friendships were kindled that day . [male] said he had the best time of his life and then he went home to hibernate .
this weekend we planned an amazing dinner for the family . we decided that we would have traditional japanese food . the table display was so amazing . everyone enjoyed the food for much . i was very proud of the get together and i hope to plan many more .
the guy was practicing guitar before his concert . many attended and even smoked inside , as well as outside .
the people who work for the county recorder 's are a dedicated bunch and very patriotic . they go to classrooms and educate people on the importance of voting and on the history of voting in location , but there most important job is to educate the volunteers for the polling places .
we got ready to leave port today for the first time . our whole crew was excited . our ship was all ready to go our . the captain finally told us that we would be leaving . we were ready to help people .
the fundraiser started off slowly , with just a few people coming to it . as the day wore on , the treats came out for the children . there was face painting as well . some children wanted some interesting face paints , like the little boy who wanted to be a tiger . then the bouncy castle came out and all the kids ran into it , especially the boys .
it was going to be a great day of business . sales were brisk already . they had a large crowd . even some guys came . she was able to find several bags fully of goodies , all at rock bottom prices .
we met up at the statue of general tomasco . there was a ram there that would take us down to the beach . the view was very beautiful as we were riding it , showing us green shrubs with craggy mountains in the background . our first view of the beach was pretty amazing . all the people were so small . as we got closer to the shoreline , we got a great view of the buildings on the coastline .
deep in the forest in a far away land , the trees were exceptionally straight . there was a secret road . and a magic cow . the magic cow had a two headed calf . only one man knew where it was or what its magic could do .
the view of the city from the building top . the sun is setting in the distance overlooking the city . the view away from the sun overlooking the city . on top of the building is the platform where the pictures were took . the sun shadows of the tall buildings in the city picture .
thank you mom and dad for the front row seats at the bloc party concert . the lead singer takes a moment to get the crowd worked up for the drum solo . the drum solo got us even more pumped for the show . this was the last song of the night . watching these guys shred was unbelievable ! sadly enough , every good show must end sometime . how 's this for an encore ?
every was gathering before the big game . the cheerleaders were ready for it to start . players were acknowledged with special gifts . the interviews were almost over . the game would start soon !
there is music being played tonight . they all got together to have a little jam session . people are invited over to hang out and have some fun . people are showing up to share in the festivities of the night . a great night of music and great company .
i absolutely hate the 4th of july . every year we have to sit and watch these ugly , loud sparks in the sky . the kids seem to love it so i give in and take them to see them even though i do n't want to . i 've never understood the point . i 'm glad it 's over and there 's a whole year before i have to do it again .
last nights halloween parts was crazy ! there were rockstars , princesses in beautiful gowns , even a cowgirl in a cool hat . everyone was on lsd and things got weird .
the truck was orange and rusted . the tires were in a close jumble . the bus was broken down and rusted . the bus was well prepared and old . inside , i could see the interior .
i visited location location last week with my family . my parent 's and i had never been out of the country . we rented a car for our trip . our hotel ended up being a barn . with cute little horses living in the yard .
duchess was all decked out for the fireworks viewing party . [female] giving buster some lovin ' . the fireworks were awesome , as always . i could n't believe how close we were to the fireworks . [female] took a selfie with buster after the fireworks .
today i painted [female] 's fingernails . then she got to blow out her birthday candles and eat cake ! later on we looked at her old baby pictures . she loved this one of her making her angry face . this was her favorite though . she thought she looked like a princess . we sat looking at old pictures eating cake for the rest of the evening .
here at a bridal show . how exciting . this was my favorite wedding dress . this was my favorite suit , simple yet elegant . beautiful red dress but we 're here for the little suit and tie . little girl was so cute . i had to get a picture of her .
have you ever gone outside and just marveled at birds ? they 're so majestic in the way they act . from sitting still ... ... to flying . they swift through the thin air . despite their small size their boldness stands out . their warriors of the air and i 'll never get tired of studying and watching them .
we have a large family reunion every few years . this was the girl 's first time . the adults had fun playing in the yard . we even hired a face painter . he painted anyone 's face as long as they wanted it . at the end , one of the richer relatives hired a bagpipe player . not everyone was pleased by that choice of entertainment .
this is some of my favorite pieces of art . here is several trees . i love this picture . sands and mountains . an abandon building a long corridor of trees .
i awoke to snow this morning . franky my dog decided he wanted to take a run through it . it was n't very deep . the playground next to my home looked so quiet and serene . even the birds were chirping a little happier this morning . it 's so beautiful when the snow falls .
this is a big white house very castle like . it can be very spooky if you considering how secluded and dark it is out there . walking through the streets at this time of night is not dangerous at all . there is a wall that people feel compelled to stand on , you can see everything from here . the city is bare with no people on the street , total ghost town .
last week was my wedding . we all bought the biggest flower arrangements . i love how big my ring is . all of my family came to celebrate . some of the staff were goofing off .
the wedding i went to last weekend was beautiful . there were many friends and family there . we all took some group photos together . the place was decorated for the event . i had a great time there .
i got a new cat today ! i did n't know what to feed her so i made some salad . she fell asleep afterward and i slept next to her . i also bought some string for her to play with . the string was everywhere .
spring is my favorite time of year . the trees are blooming . the colorful plants come out . they are fun to look out . the flowers are always so pretty .
i was getting ready for a big concert . we were playing outdoors . my bandmates and i were so excited . we had a great show and wanted to celebrate . smoking a cigratte hit the spot !
a little wild pig sniffs around for some food . a very beautiful flower hidden among the other plants . there was a boardwalk that went over the really wet parts of the swamp . a snake slithered away from the group . this hollow stump seemed to go down forever .
the family went and visited an old ranch in the south . they saw animals on the ranch that the ranchers take care of . the ranchers lived in small houses and they even got to go inside a big plantation home . the ranchers showed off their talents at cattle roping . the little girl even got to climb a big oak tree .
it was the big day . i started getting ready for the wedding . my very best friend was there . we got married outside . what a beautiful day ! we did all the traditional parts like removing the garter . and finally we cut the cake . what a perfect day !
this group is practicing for the big concert . they women with white glasses is presenting herself by having a good time . this band member practicing his keyboard performance . this band member also practicing for the concert . this band member presenting is two son , both dress in red and blue .
people are walking into the convention . everybody is gathering up preparing for the new technology to be displayed . the new iphone is displayed showcasing its new features . new tablets are being displayed and showcased . a brand new car is being shown as part of the winner of the raffle when you enter .
today we had a cooking party . many of us got together to create new dishes and enjoy each other 's company . we made beautiful dishes ... each more delicious than the last . we had a great time at today 's cooking party .
these beekeepers are busily working there hives . they are checking the progress of the bees today making delicious honey . this beekeeper shows us one of the honeycombs the bees are filling up . the bees dont pay us any mind as they go about their work . they come back periodically to deposit their nectar .
storm clouds threatened the game , but we were all hopeful we would n't get wet . we got to sit really close to the players . the mascot got the crowd going . he likes teasing the kids . no rain ! we made it through the night and won the game !
this is my grandma . she has people that come all over to see her . she cooks and performs for many people every week . this is [female] confessing her love of spaghetti . she screams for 20 minutes straight . it 's considered great luck . after all the screaming we eat ! it 's amazing .
after the blizzard , the morning revealed a misty frozen lake . despite the chill and deep snow everyone went out to take in the view . the neighbor 's farm was completely snowed in . the tree branches too were heavy with snow . the stark landscape was a sight to behold .
here is [male] on the deck of the ship . these guys look so handsome with their uniform and smiling faces . everytime i look at this view of the sea i am glad to be part of the organization organization . here i am telling [male] about our schedule for the day . this symbols makes me so glad to be part of the organization organization .
the workers pulled the metal panel out of the truck . they carried the panel a little ways down the street . they had very little time to get it all put together . they had to work quickly and efficiently . using an electric drill the screws went right out . it was all ready . everyone could look at this ad now .
he is very happy to finally have modern office equipment . the old computers were sitting in the corner awaiting pickup . would n't you know the new computer would crash on the very first day . time for a break . meanwhile , not all the workers have desks .
everybody was out , ready to watch the parade even the workers . the people in the restaurant were even ready to see it with their prime seats . the children walking the route were so happy to be included . the first part of the parade had passed the restaurant . a man on a bike starts the second part of the parade .
lots of kids came to the craft fair . there was lots for everyone to do . and each kid had lots of fun . there was even woodworking that some adults found fun to do . there was so much to do but not enough time to do it all .
he had to take birthday shots . lots of alcohol was on the plate . he started off with his first shot . later , he reached for the tequila . later on , he really started to feel the effects of alcohol .
she stood at the porch waiting for her date . once he got arrived , she realized she had forgotten to tell him to wear black slacks and a tie . he made a quick change and was the first to pop a bottle of champagne . all the women had dresses on . there was an array of finger foods on the small table .
it was my son 's birthday and prepared a feast for him . we performed a jewish prayer and ritual before we started eating . we blessed the food with a prayer we read out loud . the prayer was several pages . we then started to eat the food .
an old white bus sank into a junkyard ground . many rows of old tires were stored in a dirty room . there was an old silver rv that looked like it needed some cleaning up . there was a cluttered room that appeared to be the junkyard office . a man basked in a beam of light coming in from a hole in a ceiling .
here is my friend and i after the wedding . look at how beautiful the seating is . it took me months to decide on the decorations . here is my new husband and i . are n't we the perfect couple . here is my friend and his little girl . is n't she just adorable ? i hope to start a family of my own really soon . i am so glad to see that everyone is having a good time . even the baby !
the girls were excited to go to the club tonight . they had a great time dancing with most of the guys . some of the weird guys , not so much , but overall they had an amazing night and the dj was awesome .
my little brother wanted to be some kind of character from an anime for halloween . he like how real the blade of his sword looked . he pretended to fight a foe ! he hacked at his imaginary enemy . after he finished pretend fighting , he stood triumphantly !
the mom had dressed her kids in cute costumes for the celebration . when they arrived to the location where the party was they all got cookies ! the kids quickly got bored and wanted to go outside so the mom took them out there . soon it was time for the costume parade so everyone went back inside . the younger kids had to be escorted by a parent in order to participate .
as i walked through the florist shop i noticed these exotic flowers . these flowers had a very sweet smell that might have been used in perfume . i grabbed an empty wine bottle and filled with water . i used some string to tie the stems together for a nicer arrangement . stepping back from the makeshift vase , i realize that i have a beautiful center piece .
i finally got to the house just beyond the marsh . i had to cross the creepy lake . after having made it across the wobbly bridge . even before that i walked through the suffocating swamp . the swamp had started as an upsetting stream of dead fishes , flies , and frogs .
happy halloween , kids ! i dressed as a dinosaur today . while uncle [male] and aunt [female] dressed like medusa and the big lebowski . little [male] jr. was a tiny giraffe . ( cute ! ) while aunt [female] just dressed normally .
our sports gathering party was a lot of fun . we had silly photo ops with silly characters . the sororities were out to recruit new people . there were snacks and drinks for the kids . a group photo shows what fun we all had .
the racers gathered in the morning . the fans made signs to cheer them on . around noon , the race was started . some just walked . it was for charity . when they crossed the finish line , the race was officially
dads retirement party went really well . he was totally surprised . and he loved the restaurant we chose . three generations right here ... soon to be 4 ! 35 years with the same company ! wtg dad ! thanks to everyone for keeping it a secret . we all had so much fun .
the friends met up for drinks . it was a fun night out for everyone . the next morning everyone played instruments . [male] had played the guitar since he was a kid . that night everyone got ready to go out and do the same thing again .
everyone gathered at the house . people gathered to have drinks and converse . old friends who had n't seen each other in years where there . the night went on without a hitch . but we where sad for it to end .
our whole family is musical . when we get together at christmas , it turns into an open mic night . [male] grabs a guitar , and his wife , [female] , joins him . then [female] starts singing . and everybody joins the fun . when they finally get tired of performing , they drink wine and watch movies .
on our disney family vacation last year we attended the [male] 's very merry christmas party . the costumes were really done well . organization gives a lot of candy . the halloween parade is professionally done . even [male] gets into the spirit .
we decided to go to the market downtown . we shopped the wide assortment in the meat department . we ordered sausage with colorful toppings . the fried shrimp is always great . we also loved the architecture . we ca n't wait to come back .
the hawk soared majestically , giving us a sense of awe . this guy was a little more on the cute end of the spectrum . we saw many types of birds over the day . including this one sitting on a post . but it was the birds of prey that really drew attention .
they came to support their cause ... however , the capitol building was empty ... there was n't a sole on the steps ... until they arrived at the park . everyone there cheered and awaited to be told it was okay .
today was the awards ceremony over at organization ! i was glad to be there . so was my lovely girlfriend . the staff seemed to be too , though they 're getting paid so who knows . congratulations to all the winners ! here 's to next time guys . great work .
today was fan appreciation day at the stadium . the event was sponsored by coca-cola and coors light . the first part of the entertainment was the ribbon twirlers . next came the marching band playing the good ole tune yankee doodle dandy . the marching band was followed by the flag bearers . it was a great fan appreciation day today . everything even the whether was perfect .
we went to the zoo and we looked at a tiger then we went over to see the monkey next , we went and observed the giraffe then we went to see the ducks finally , we visited the flamingos
friends having a halloween party friend get the dancing and having fun taking pictures and being crazy continuing to take pictures of friends last picture of friend before the party ended
after a long winter , the weather has thawed , and the zoo animals are enjoying the outdoors . although ice remains on some surfaces , the lions took their chances on this slippery tree trunk . not all animals enjoyed the outdoors as some nocturnal creatures , like this monkey , would have rather stayed inside in the dark . the weather warmed up enough allowing even for the tropical flamingos to have a good time . despite the warmer weather , the number of human visitors at the zoo remained small today .
grandpa kept going to the drinks table for booze refills . when his grandson tried to grab a beer from the guest , they knew there was a problem . grandma took the boy to another room and called for help . the next day they all attended the aa meeting . at 30 days sober , jeb got a prize .
today we went to a ceremony for my cousin his father spoke for him at the alter . we then had a toast for him . after we all got to eat . then my souin and his wife said a small speech to end the night .
the race started . dangerous as always . the cars took no time flying and weaving around corners . people were standing out in front of the cars putting themselves in danger . the head car rounded the final corner . crossing the finish line , the fans went crazy and the race was over .
the news wa on the street.. there had been some sort of crime . the cops put yellow tape up . people were at the scene . everyone was curious what happened .
the flower girl was really excited for the wedding . the bride and bridesmaids all lined up and looking beautiful . the newly married couple making the first cut into their cake . this little guy loved being the ring bearer . you could tell how happy the bride was to be married .
an invitation to a winter wedding . bride poses with her attendants . father walking the bride down the aisle . a formal picture of the happy couple . candid shot of the bride and groom .
festive snacks were laid out before the carving began . everyone began carving their pumpkins , trying to decide on what to make ! they came along nicely , but with a bit of a mess . some people copied famous villains ... while others made their own , unique creations !
i finally got to the try out the high jump . my friend went to play tennis . the court was empty and crisp . the horses were near us and that was scary . afterwards , we went to play some basketball .
the cafe was crowded . the bikes were n't being used . the symbols on the walls confused people . the storage room was packed . they needed to get organized .
the fire department is located in bear lane . the class went on a field trip , to learn about the techniques used , and the many ways , the fire department protects the community .
our sea-side cottage was so cute . the grass in front of the harbor was worthy of a run through . we watched the sailboats take off . most of the boats here were recreational boats . the marina flag flew high .
we embarked on a mission trip to location location . we were n't sure what we 'd be doing , but we knew there would be hard work ahead when we saw a barge approaching with lumber . as it turned out , a bridge had collapsed , so we got right to work . a quick drive-over test proved our work worthwhile ! by the end of the day , the local kids were exhausted and took a break .
it was very loud at the parade . there were many interesting cars . i took a lot of pictures there . there were also a lot of signs . i watched the parade for hours .
the class gathered around their teacher during the experiment . the kids were excited to see how the experiment would turn out . the children waited patiently for the resukts . there was a discussion afterwards about the experiment and what it meant . the kids were exhausted , but very interested in the whole procedure .
it is hard to see the screen from here . i agree , i can not see the screen either . probably should move closer . the band is playing really good . ca n't hardly see them though . it is so loud and crazy in here , but i am enjoying it . really hot and humid in here with everybody at this concert .
senior prom is one of those days you remember forever . my friends were so beautiful when they were all dressed up . and my date was handsome too . we all promised we 'd be friends forever . this was one last night together , before we all went our separate ways .
a bright blue sky to start off the day . taking the trike on a drive across town . passed an odd shaped trash can that could have seen better days . saw a beautiful glass sign that was perfect for the old lady but the owner refused to sell . above a crow watches from the chimney .
setting up for the golf tourney . there was no way i was going to believe the stories these two guys were telling . these signs were everywhere , with all different sponsors . the golf swing workshop was very successful . it was definitely worth the money .
the entire class was happy to graduate . the ones in the red were going to graduate the year after . people could wear whatever shoes they wanted at the ceremony . the faculty looked proud to be affiliated with the school . [male] is the school photographer and we bought some of his photos .
the banner is put up for the birthday party . everything looks good . grandpa looks scary in his mask . [female] he do n't scare anyone . everyone is sitting down . we are all ready for cake . grandpa is blowing out the candles . boy he is old . grandpa is checking out his presents on the couch .
i have a brother that graduated last weekend . his graduation was a large event . despite being crowded he spotted us in the crowd . family came from all around to congratulate him . later we had a party at the pool .
the party got really weird last night . the girls were showing off their tatoos . the guys played some version of a twister game . i 'm not sure what happened to the girls after the party . he might know the answer to that .
we had a party at my place . there was a lot of drinking . and a lot of silly photos . we drank a little too much . but it was overall a good time .
the organization food safety discover zone . kids learning about food . is it a good egg or a bad egg . pouring flour in the bowl . planting plants in pots .
trying to talk everyone into beer pong . seemed like everyone had already drunk most of the liquor . as more people showed up so did more drinks . by the end , we had started beer gaming . not to mention , it took five drunk guys two hours to find the oldest game system in town .
the signs for the dorm jam session worked , as many people showed up . ready to shred , [male] broke out the guitar to get things going . [male] started picking away , hoping other would join in . everyone had a great time . even darth vader , normally moody , was having fun . a great night of music can only be followed up with some organization action .
the game was tied after some great catches by the goaless . [male] was ready to score the winning goal , he wanted victory . the ball was stolen by the other team . johns teammate stepped up and tried to get it back . sadly for [male] and his team the other team had the ball and made the winning shot .
this was a special graduation ceremony . the young adults here all felt very special . there is a list of the graduates in alphabetical order . this graduate is very proud . he worked hard getting to where he is .
there was a street fair lots of people got together to raise money for charity there were many people there everyone had a great time this girl was the organizer
the couple was taking a tour of the city looking at statues and arts . they made their way to the open area . there was a lot of beautiful art in the open area . there also was a balcony overlooking the courtyard . they ended their tour looking at a beautiful architecturally sound building .
[male] is surprised he is having such a good night . he decided to spend the night at church with his family . [male] takes some solo time and steps outside to talk to god . [male] gets down on his knees . he closes his eyes and begins to pray . he thanks god for his life , then gets up and goes back into the church . in church [male] 's family praises the lord . [male] joins them in their praise . after church [male] and his family join [male] in the lot for some individual group prayer . the family that prays together stays together !
last week we decided to go downtown for a rally . a lot of people got very passionate and were dressed in costumes . these baseball outfits were very unique and spoke volumes . some people showed up with musical instruments to enforce their message . we had such a big crowd there that day i think we really got our message across .
the basketball teams were very physical during the playoff game . the point guard for the home team made a slam dunk . after that another player from the home team made a 3 point shot . the home team celebrated the incredible shot . the fans went wild and celebrated after the home team won .
he shook hands with each student and handed them there diploma 's . envelopes were in each seat . a philanthropic member of the alumni wanted to give them gifts . he had been encouraged to start a scholarship program but refused . he wanted to see their faces when they got their envelopes , he also wanted anonymity .
we are getting ready for war in case the zombies come we are ready we have all we need nobody can take us down we are the proud soldiers
the family gathered for a traditional thanksgiving day party . the turkey was basted and laid out on the table for all to enjoy . [female] could n't help but sneak a quick taste before we sat down to eat . cold drinks waited for us as we took our seats . a beautifully set table , delicious food , and memories were shared by all !
today i had to teach our new direction i used plenty of great examples and layouts then stopped to answer some questions i then continued one more presentation and i winded down the evening with a photo session
these individuals represent the high honor graduates for the class of 2015 . these individuals represent the 2015 high school graduates . the high honor graduates have arrived and waiting to be seated . these are the dignitaries that are present at the graduation . the photographer is capturing some real good shots .
the army line was very long outside . the wall was red and the men were ready for service . when the event started , the men begin to line up . they review the file with the general 's names on it . when the pins were awarded , some soldiers altered their uniforms .
there are empty glasses on the table after everyone has had dinner . people are gathered around talking and catching up with their friends . people are lining up outside to take pictures at the photo booth . outside the photo booth there are many wigs you can pick from to wear , such as a blue wig . the pictures from the photo booth are so fun !
there was a fun looking little shop like this . tons of interesting knick knacks filled the place . including all these little figures . and a few more interesting cultural ones . these two were my favorite , i nearly purchased them .
for lunch we had chips and dip . then went to work on some art . she thought she was funny and tried to make me laugh by sticking a lime peel in her mouth . i posed for some pictures outside of the studio . the monkey was by far the best piece of work i had created .
this monument is huge . we look in amazement . we talked about the statue in great depth . we are so small compared to the monument . the water was so clear but yet looked blue .
my name is jojo jones . today i 'm gon na talk to you about plastics . now , i am looking at a plastic item . it 's a clock . plastics are all around us .
we visited family for christmas . they live out in the country far from the city . the trees lost their leaves because it is so cold outside . they were so happy that we had arrived . even the dog had a marry christmas .
today we took an adult field trip to the most boring museum ever . they had exhibits of people just sitting around doing nothing . they also had a satellite which was random , but it was interesting to see . there was a faux classroom where we had to listen to a lecture . there was even an overhead presentation .
the students were very excited to see the arrival of their new computer equipment . they had waited a long time and finally , [male] , the consultant , was on site to start the installation . [male] worked hard to insure that all the computers were setup correctly . he tested each one to make sure it could connect to the internet and had all the necessary programs installed . at last the new computer lab was set up and working , and just waiting for the students to take their seats .
i went to the bookstore yesterday . it was a long walk . they have a great selection there . there were a ton of books on display . afterward i was hungry so i left to grab something to eat .
[male] and i had our picture taken before we went to the party . [female] was already wearing silly party glasses when we arrived . everyone was dancing and having a great time . [female] refused to put on her party crown . [female] and [female] posed with their crowns when the clock struck midnight .
checking out a car at the car show the cat is is laying on the table next to 2 crystal shot glasses a modern compact type of boat at a display that resembles a plane a boy happily standing next to a robot a display stirring the big bowl of soup in a colorful bowl with a red spoon
the pirates prepared themselves , masks and all , for the wedding that was to come . the crowd was ready , as was the backdrop , for the best pirate themed wedding there ever was . murmurs swept through the crowd as the pirate bride and groom began to walk forward , the gentle breeze blowing behind them . the pirate bride and groom looked lovingly in each others eyes as they said their vows . at the wedding reception , there were many happy couples traversing about .
the children played an intense game of soccer . they were both very eager to get ahead in the game . one boy played with his heart to score a goal . it was a great game and it was close . the goalie tried his best to stop them from scoring .
i read over the recipe to make the perfect stuffing . i added all the ingredients together . then i set the timer . we served the food and added the gravy . after dinner we had my homemade pecan pie .
he showed off his amazing , but slightly creepy tattoos right after he got to the party . the live entertainment they had hired was great . the lights at the party were strange , but mesmerizing . he caught her in a corner and begged for a kiss . after the party , they were startled to discover that there was something going on with the police involved .
i went down to the gym yesterday . they were having a basketball game . the game was very close . all of the players were very good . i had a great time at the gym .
i was looking through and old shoebox one day and i found a bunch of photos . this one is from my mom 's side of the family . this is some old coupon . this is me when i was born . this was my favorite hockey player .
the walrus enjoys a nice day on the beach . the eyes of the walrus pierce your soul , as if asking to come join you . i had to hide far away in the bushes , so that i could capture the shots of the walrus . my trusty companion is taking a break after running around at the beach . my companion is running around the beach , and running away from the waves .
we visited abandoned buildings near our house this weekend . it 's eerie how quiet it is , even though there 's buildings around . it looks like they were abandoned in the middle of construction . some parts are mostly finished . they even have working stairs in them .
ready to go in the pool . seating in the shade to avoid a sunburn . dancing the square dance with his girlfriend . and dipping her . the guys doing a beer chug contest
[male] and suzie decided to spend the night watching a basketball game . it was actually a surprise for organization so she gave him a big kiss to show her appreciation . they shared an order of delicious onion rings . suzie 's daughter called to see how they were enjoying things . then it was time for the game to start in front of this packed crowd .
a couple decided to pledge themselves to each other in the forests . they took upon themselves ancient rituals of bonding like a marriage , they met the priestess who said pagan prayers over them they dipped their hands in the mud and wore chains that bonded them together the entire day together at last , bonded in the old ways .
the costume party we went to was great ! there was a group who dressed as ninja turtles . one guy came as organization organization . there were tons of fairies and princesses at the party . everyone had fun partying and drinking .
after the first two contestants finished their performance , [female] knew she had to try harder . [female] in her pink outfit started her first performance with an impressive one foot lap around the ice rink . she then landed in the center of the rink after a fantastic spin and ended her performance . immediately after [female] 's performance the couple from earlier started their second attempt . they were very impressive while they held each other and spun around , but even this second performance did n't distress [female] .
going into the commencement hall . there are beautiful flowers marking this special day . graduates take photos with family and friends to celebrate before attending the ceremony . more happy graduates posing with friends . graduates posing on the steps before entering the hall . graduation ceremony is finally underway .
today we rode our bikes to the beach . the traffic was n't too bad . we went to watch the seals sun themselves on the beach . one of them preferred a little privacy on a rock by himself . the littlest one decided it was time for a swim .
we attended a book festival where the authors of the featured books were on hand for book signings . they were all so generous to stay the long hours and sign our books . it was interesting to tell the author how you felt about his characters . they wrote very personalized messages . i ca n't wait for the next book from each of them .
the couple was putting the finishing touches on their costumes . the girl needed a little bit more done on hers . the man was helping her with her costume . he helped her put some more paint on . they were finally all ready to go .
a man takes a picture of an eclipse out of the airplane window . when he lands , he meets his family and friends at a restaurant . they all get together for the first time in years for a photo . a few of them share a dance . they realize that the waiter accidentally put flowers in a boot and not a vase .
we went out for a tour of our vacation destination . we stopped at a nice place to eat and were forced to tie bowser up outside . [male] ordered a huge plate of fries . i told him not to eat them all . later that evening we headed to take in the night life .
the wedding theme was a rustic woodsy one . the bride and groom arrived in a classic horse and buggy . the place settings at the table were very elegant . [female] 's whole family was very proud to be here . the happy couple looked very blissful and content .
the computer desk was organized so the person cooked a meal and ate all of it . then they went back to work and they noticed a hole in the wall .
i went with some friends to go see a play . it was a really lovely show with a lot of love in it . the acting was superb , and the lead actor was a hunk ! i was drawn in by the story ; i totally recommend it . the cast all had matching nail polish . it was so cute .
a beautiful lodge marked the location of a deep cavern . the cavern was dark and vast . there were a variety of chambers with interesting rock formations . one room was full of stalactites . another had an interesting bumpy pattern .
we are so proud of our daughter graduating today . it seemed she had to walk miles to receive her diploma . the speeches that were given were very heartwarming . the students pass through one by one to receive their diplomas . the world 's proudest grandpa on our special day .
there are many families struggling to survive in this environment everyday . people loot through the garbage that is found on the streets in hopes that they may find something useful or edible . many of the children have to take care of each other . some of them are very sad because of the conditions . everyday they have to struggle to survive just to make it to the next one .
it was the fight of the festival and what way to start it off then my drinking . we played various drinking games with our friends . by the end of it we were pretty drunk . some of us did n't really come out of it to well . after sobering up we went on to other festival activities .
the calm before the snow storm comes into town . over night it slowed a lot enough to blanket everything in sight with snow . surprisingly the city streets have remained open to traffic . this local business owner is shoveling the snow away from the sidewalk near hos business . the show has tarted again and is starting to make driving difficult .
from the vantage point of the village , the mountains do n't look cold and uninviting . but the presence of snow becomes obviously as you hike to a higher altitude . once you 're at the top , though , the view is gorgeous - it makes a perfect backdrop . but you quickly get overwhelmed with the sense of how vast the range is . i felt much more comfortable closer to ground . i 'm more of water person , anyway .
one day , we went to the cemetery . we say many gravestones along the woods , including standing and in-ground gravestones . we saw some notably older gravestones , including this one from 1858 . next , we saw [female] , who died in 1860 . and the oldest gravestone was from 1839 .
a somewhat menacing license plate ... photo-op with the sidewalk art ! strange creature flying through the sky ... flying in the distance lit by the clouded sun . a beautiful cathedral on a beautiful day .
this is the story of [male] [male] , who was killed by police though he was unarmed . he became a symbol for average people who feel oppressed in their communities . all kinds of people come out to voice their anger . these are posters that appear in many cities in our country . that 's spanish for [male] for [male] .
i was hungry this morning so i decided to make some waffles . i began cooking them . while i was out i went over to the store to buy some more ingredients . after i was done i went back home and finished cooking my waffles . they were delicious .
the year 2000 was on its way , so a group of friends decided to welcome it with a party . they filled their cups with beer and put on some new year gear . excitement built as midnight approached and the friends talked and danced . at 11:59 pm it was time to gather around and count down to the new year together . after midnight , everybody felt tired and giddy . the year 2000 was off to a good start !
i hired a violin player for the wedding . the children were having a great time . they threw flowers everywhere . there were many beautiful trees . i made sure to plant some flowers nearby .
to celebrate graduating kindergarten the family went out to eat . the boys got there favorite foods . the couple took a picture . the kids took pictures together . one was serious .
it was exciting to have our first ticket for the championship . we even got a glimpse of the team as they were walking towards the arena . before the game the team members gathered in front of the locker rooms . on the court , the captain of each team shook hands . it was a great game , with the home team maintaining their wins .
i went with a native to visit the living conditions of a group of people not far from me in this beautiful country i 'm visiting . they 've set up camp near the fields they are working . they have built a central meeting place . i 'm amazed at how social and close this group of people are . the work they do is so hard .
last weekend we were in the park taking pictures of all the flowers we could find . there were so many in different shapes and colors . suddenly there was a lot of noise behind us and then w saw that a street performance was occurring . we went over to watch some of the talented performers . it was a great way to end the day .
we went on a nature hike today . there were many beautiful things around the forest . we even got to see some wildlife . we took many pictures of all the plants . we had a great time and got so many great pictures .
the protest was well under way . and many people brought out signs to protest . people were wearing their home flags . many women also came out to protest . there was a speaker with a microphone who talked to the protesters .
i went to my graduation ceremony yesterday . there were a lot of students graduating . we were all very happy to finally be done with school . i was very happy to receive my diploma . my entire family came out to support me .
many people gathered to watch the firework celebration . the fireworks came in a wide variety of colors . there were green fireworks . there were also orange fireworks . at the end of the show they launched many fireworks all at once .
today we went to our friend krystle jozens 18th birthday party . everything started calmly enough with a little light music and lunch . we moved on to making home made ice cream . as you can see it was a hot day . as the evening went on we played games and won prizes . the birthday boy was dressed up as smurfette and pictures were posted to facebook . we had a blast at the party and have pictures and memories to prove it .
they arrived at the park and were finally able to see the caverns . they entered the cave and were immediately amazed . the glimmering caverns were beautiful . and , they also appeared to be very dangerous . and , it appeared they saw a bat , and [female] was deathly afraid of bats and she quickly left the cave !
we met a lot of good people on our visit to the pier . we saw old style ships with tall masts . some flew many flags that waved against the dusky sky . they were held in place by a simple rope . there were many different kinds of boats and ships for us to see .
here are the pictures from my wedding . it was a perfect day . this is my wedding party . i love them al . here are pictures of our first dance , and groom mother dance . here 's is our reception . is was so much fun . i will treasure this day forever . i love my new husband .
i volunteered at our special olympics competition . there were people competing in tennis . they did great ! there was also horseback riding competition , which looked pretty enjoyable ! my favorite was the basketball game . those guys work hard out there on the court !
this woman is about to get her first henna tattoo . first her arm is cleaned so the henna will adhere . the artist begins with the basic structure of the tattoo . then , she goes back through and adds details . the tattoo is finished !
[male] and [male] are dressed up for some halloween fun . [male] is going as organization organization . [male] is going as a fire chief . mark was trying to figure out what this hole was for in the pumpkin decoration . the two boys had a great time trick or treating and hauled in lots of candy for mom and dad to check out .
everyone was excited to be going on vacation . we stopped at a memorial and spent our time reading about the history of it . it was fourth of july that day , we were proud to be americans . we decided to go on a diving trip , it seemed exciting . we spent the rest of the day on the water , it was a great day !
the daughter 's favorite character is displayed on a balloon . gifts and bags are given to show appreciation for the girl . the family wanted the girl to also have an appetite with these delicious cookies . a moment with the father and daughter commemorates the happiness of the occasion . lastly , here is the invitation card that was given out to the invited guests .
a pride parade occurred in my hometown . hundreds of people made their voices heard . kalene interviewed a lot of people that day . there were inexpensive banners being held up . a lot of creativity went into the parade pride signs .
we went to a airplane museum . there were all kinds of old airplanes on display . we saw an old fashioned pilot uniform . this one was the son 's favorite . the trip to the museum was a fun trip for all .
our day started by visiting a new museum . [female] played with a bouncy ball to work her dexterity skills . location location hosts many good markets . the street is devoid of cars and all is quiet . the embassy features steel spikes so no one breaks in .
two friends , [male] and wang , decide that they want to take a trip to location to explore their heritage . their friends decide to throw them a goodbye party and one friend made them a special desert . many friends show up to their goodbye party . [male] decides he should be the one to cut the cake . all the friends enjoy the cake that was made and wish [male] and wang a safe trip .
we were at the fair at a booth . me and my friend both had our faces painted . my little sister had a tiger painted on her . [male] was sitting in a chair by himself . he posed with this lady .
the tree cutter went to work . the men supervised . the tree was getting cut . he took the top off . it was a job well done .
paddy o'leary contemplates his next pint . he is so fond of the guinness , that he has it tattooed on his face . down another one , paddy o'leary ! paddy makes interesting decisions when he has been drinking . paddy looks festive in the guinness crown .
dad and his little girl were so cute today . my sister held this little guy for a while , she really enjoyed being around children . here 's dad with some of the lovely ladies from the party . we ate so much , it was so good , would highly recommend . it was so fun , i really enjoyed being with everyone , i took this picture before i left .
we took a trip to the magic kingdom . organization presents its visitors with a an assortment of flowers . we went to [male] 's restaurant to recharge our energy for the day . here are 4 pumpkins that are carved with smirks on their faces . like the carving on the pumpkin , we had to fly away to our destination .
the crowd starts to gather as the race cars start to pull up and prepare for the race . the race is about to start and the cars are lining up while the crowd cheers . the cheerios car is off to a good start . the bud car has pulled ahead of the cheerios car and is in the lead . it is the final lap and the lowe 's car is in the lead , the crowd goes wide .
today was my niece 's birthday so we went over to celebrate . my niece had some of her favorite food to eat , including fruits . she went to play on her new swing set after eating . the adults sat in their lawn chairs supervising the children . my nephew happily kept my uncle company .
halloween is just another day at the office for some people . for some people halloween is a chance to wear that kung foo suit that has been in the back of the closet for too long . it is more fun to take calls at your desk when you are a cat . let 's all pose with this skinny fellow . the office girls are looking good . i want to be a cowgirl ! happy halloween !
got my latest copy of organization organization . i know how to read asian this magazine is filled with lots of colorful anime . i love getting these . this issue shows alot of tranformers . we 're going to see this movie soon . all are headed toward the sunset . where they 'll battle .
the ambassadors funeral had was a grand scene , many people turned out for his final farewell . among the many people was his daughter , you could visually tell it took a lot of strength to see her father pass . after the viewing the wake was to be held at a local military establishment . the guests were met by the services members with honor . many people had questions for the ambassadors replacement however , he politely declined each saying that `` it is not the time for these questions '' after the wake the ambassadors replacement met with the prime minister for a quick public photo shoot .
the bride and groom share a kiss after the wedding . the groomsmen and bridesmaids pose together for a wedding picture . the bride and the bridesmaids then take their own photo . the happy couple takes pictures at sunset to show their love . there is a collage made of the wedding photos .
teaching the next generation to be growing artists is an important job . that does n't mean it is n't a fun one though . today we 're working on hand painting . that literally means using hands to apply the paint . they always find that a lot of fun , and it makes marvelous art for their homes .
today is graduation day ! everyone is getting ready to make sure they look their best today . all of my friends are excited to be graduating today . there were so many people here graduating today ! i was so happy to have finally made it . i owe it all to my family .
my friends were able to coax me into attending their halloween party . dinosaurs are kind of played out , but the pickings were slim at the costume store . i ran into my ex and his new girlfriend . neither seemed thrilled about having their picture taken . of course , somebody elected to ignore the `` adults only '' request on the e-vite . i did see my college roommate . she always did have a preference for skimpier costumes .
we had graduation today . lots of people came . everyone was getting ready . we lined up to receive our graduation . i was so happy after it was done .
uncle [male] prepared a feast for his family . [male] 's son was distracted by the baseball game on the tv . one of the best dishes was homemade chicken broth with dumplings . the plate of dessert treats disappeared in minutes . the family gathered together on the couch , full after a big meal .
people crowded around to watch the parade . one float in particular , caught everyone 's attention . they ran over to it to see what was going on and to take pictures . it got so bad that people had to start pushing others out of the way just to get a look at it .
the party was at a banquet hall . everyone was having a lot of fun . some people even danced . [female] needed help with her dress . once the open bar started the real party began .
a couple poses for a picture with balloons . behind them is a huge burst of fireworks . a person in the crowd is a holding a smiley face balloon . a bouquet of flowers grows beside the side walk . a huge concert takes place in the background .
the wedding was beautiful yesterday . everyone had come to show their support . the couple was very happy to finally be getting married . they had been waiting for this moment for a long time . everyone had a great time .
the group of friends decided to go out on a hot day . they wanted to work out at the local park . both of the girls were fans of working out . they decided to have a picnic at a nearby park as well . the friends had a lot of fun working out . they also got to spend some intimate time together . the practiced various stretching exercising and yoga . it was relaxing and fun . at the end of the day the exercises really gave them a good workout . it was a fun and productive day .
i had a great time waiting for the bus today . we took a lot of pictures together . we had a lot of fun . we also made a collage . when my mom showed up we all went home .
this is a picture of a road . this is a picture of a bridge . this is a picture of a building . this is a picture of a sunny day . this is a picture of a dark room .
we drove our car to the city . the bridge was a long ride . the roof was very well made . this monument was the grandest i have ever seen . we finally got there .
[male] and [female] 's wedding . all the bridal maids gather for a picture after they tie the knot , it 's time to cut some cake . the lovely couple togther . the dance party starts . what a great event
i had a great time at the race yesterday . all of my friends came to show their support . it was a long bus ride to the race . i did n't finish first but i tried my best . there were a lot of people at the event . afterward i ate some bananas .
today was the day . we finally met . we exchanged ideas . left the class room behind . and got out in the real world .
looking at the location monument on out bedroom window . also was able to see the capitol . then we went to visit the location location location . walking through the cemetery . in the end we placed a red roses at the grave of a special fallen soldier , our grandfather .
nature walks are a good way for children to get exercise and learn about the world around them . rushing , falling water can teach them about gravity , waterflow , inertia and speed . they can even learn from man made structures meant to control water . a calm body of water will let them explore wildlife that inhabit the water and surrounding area . they can even learn about local flora .
many people gathered to watch luchador wrestling . the crowd was in excitement at the begging of the match . the wrestlers came out to the ring one by one . when the match started , they performed impressive moves . the matches even had a ring girl in between matches .
[male] bought a new drum set so we decided to throw a house party . first step was to setup the instruments . next up , add some alcohol . soon , beautiful women showed up to make it a party . finally the music started and we rocked until the cops showed up !
the guys sit down to a few beers at the table it looks like they may be up to some cards . she spends some time with the young baby . a black dog comes around to enjoy the day . maybe he smelled the delicious crabs being cooked .
the hard workers did not let the rain prevent them from making their deliveries . they stopped for a quick talk before heading off for more deliveries . he is clarifying the order before driving off . they all found time for a quick group picture . these guys wanted to snap a quick picture in front of the truck .
welcome to location location location location ! the tourist is hungry . he sees the two monkeys . here . let me catch them and cook them for you . here 's your monkey dumplings !
checking out the weather before i do some gardening . weather is cooperating so i bought the supplies . my husband got of photo of me and my favorite past time . later on we went to a farmers market for fresh veggies . the meal i prepared at the end of a long but pleasant day .
this is the hotel lobby that we stayed at . here is where i sat on my private plane ride . look at the sunset . another shot of the lobby from the other side . here are what all the seats look like on the plane .
my sister announced that she is engaged to be married . so our family got together ... with his family to throw them a `` welcome to the family '' dinner . it was a huge success ! wow our big family could actually get bigger ? i think the newly engaged couple were really surprised ! here 's to a long and happy marriage !
here is our amp that we use . i 'm getting ready to sing with my friend . the band is playing some awesome music . here is my boyfriend getting a drink . this is my cat , she is the best .
boots , scarves , handbags were on the table . she made sure each tables accessories matched . every woman needed to pay close attention to her accessories , she told them . it was important to pay attention to the details she said . without it , you might as well go find yourself on the pages of organization she joked .
the snow made the building pretty but covered the live plants and the berries . the flowers were hidden but the scenery was very nice .
the speaker had stage freight so was nervous about his upcoming business presentation . but when he began it all came naturally . he showed his proposal to the company . and stressed the importance of a budget . everyone took notes and contemplated his ideas .
two ladies are enjoying the mall . the mall has lots of people . the ladies are looking for clothes . the ladies get fake tattoos . the man is trying on glasses .
the couple exchanging vows . groom putting the wedding band on her finger . best man giving the groom the rings . kids playing piano . the bride dancing with her daughter .
a large wedding is about to take place . a family member carefully prepares the setting for the ceremony . the flower girls are brought into the room and told what to do . the wedding photographer takes pictures of the wedding scenery . the mother of the bride watches the action around her curiously .
the violin playing was beautiful . the children had a lot of fun dressing up . and everyone in attendance looked their best . the flowers nearby were gorgeous . it was a perfect location !
after a long engagement period , the couple finally got married . four bridesmaids were friends of the bride . male guests huddled together to talk about sports . the groom and the bride looked very happy . when the wedding ceremony was over , they said goodbye to their guests and went to their hotel .
my sister recently graduated college . graduation was held outdoors on the athletic field . my mom and dad was happy to attend . uncle [male] even came from location . the biggest surprise came last when my brother showed up from location .
the stain glass windows were bright . the color of the walls were golden . the sun shone bright into the room . everything was set up and ready . the sky darken and cast a shadow in the back .
this is a stadium that we saw our favorite team play baseball . they let us come on the field to meet some of the players . they even let me throw a pitch from the pitcher 's mound . we saw how the baseball officials worked . this was a great player that talked to us before we went home .
jed and his coworkers having a little fun after work . there is greg sitting on the orange light . this is emily and seth they are expecting a new born baby in 7 months . [male] is getting a little sad because he is getting made fun of . the jokes are really getting to him and he wants to cry .
the graduates are crammed in the room . the president gave the speech . the girls were so happy to be done . she was proud to show her diploma . she got a photo with her boyfriend .
there was a great turn out today at the protest . the group spend thier time showing posters of what they felt deeply about . it was nice to see white , black , asian men and women coming together for one known cause . when the day came to end we know they spend so much time with each other it makes the community stronger . we must know a cause and know a way to fix it they said .
history is important to everyone . it tells us where we came from and how we got where we are . graves are sad , but they remind us of those once loved . their lives may have been short , but their significance can not be measured .
we headed into the mountains to tour the beautiful landscape . it was absolutely amazing and breathtaking . there were rustic fences alongside the edge to act as guardrails . we pulled the car over at one scenic overlook . the waves crashing against the rocks were captivating .
having a few friends over for a back to school party makes good memories . [female] and [male] brought their handsome twin boys [male] and [male] . this new lens cover makes [male] and [male] look like rock stars . the black and white lens makes [male] look so sophisticated . a good time was had by all . [female] stayed to help me clean up and drink more beer .
took a little road trip to a town i had never been to before . stopped by the jiffy plant for a few pictures . found this huge map on the side of a building that was helpful for getting around the town . ran across this building with interesting achitecture as i was driving around . last stop was the purple [female] before heading home .
the class arrives for graduation . they all wait patiently to receive their diplomas . the girl has her picture taken with her sister afterwards . then she poses for a picture with her sister and brother . everyone is so excited for her .
we went on a day trip to bourbon street in location location . first , we saw some public art and made a list of things to do . then we ate some classic new orleans seafood . our trip would n't have been complete without hearing some jazz ! we finished up the trip by sleeping in a historic hotel .
she walked to her seat , full of anticipation for the graduation ceremony . graduates took their seats and waited for the ceremony to begin . after the ceremony , she posed with her proud grandparents . she also posed with her other grandfather , who had traveled a long way for the occasion . finally , she posed with he boyfriend , who would graduate next year .
i was so excited when my graduation cap and gown arrived in the mail . i could n't believe that i was about to graduate from college . i stood among my peers as the speaker thanked us for our hard work and dedication . the class erupted with celebration as they announced our graduation . i was so happy that all my hard work had finally paid off .
at the competition there was a runner who was sprinting . there was also a high jumper . baseball was played outside . there was a swimming pool with active swimmers . we also saw tennis players planning their strategy .
the tv show was interesting so the person changed the channel before they made coffee . then they wanted to read outside near the powerplant .
it was graduation time for the group of friends ! they enjoyed the time after the graduation , goofing around as usual ! one of their other friends wanted to take their picture together . [male] was called over by his family to take a picture with them . they decided to take a picture by the fountain .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i will return
we went to the halloween convention and saw this beauty . this lady speaker took the time out of her work to speak about the festivities of halloween . this speaker gave a heartfelt story about the fantastic times he had on halloween . there were dedicated cosplayers at the convention . there never seemed to be enough of cosplayers at the convention .
my sister caught me eating her cookies . now we all have cookies . dont tell mom , she is oblivious . do n't tell that kid in the orange either , he dresses funny and we dont like him . down with orange shirts !
friends are gathered together having a few drinks . even the baby is enjoying some outdoor time as he takes his bottle in mom 's lap . a couple of friends casually lounging in chairs . one guy tries out his hipster look for the camera . a woman sits alone at the table with a bottle of wine .
people are sitting and drinking . this is a photo of people having fun . people are playing a game . friends are having fun in the picture . a person is wearing a bracelet .
an aspiring photographer went on a trip to the mountains to test out a new camera . he came across many different types of scenery , including a beautiful lake . he tried out different camera modes , including black and white photography . on the journey , he came across an interesting building . he felt it refreshing to walk on the trails alone and capture moments in photography .
the organization organization organization brought out their tour truck in order to educate the local children . there were many exhibits set up in the nearby hall that taught the kids all about proper food safety . even the small children were able to take part with help from mom or dad . so many of the exhibits were `` hands-on '' allowing the kids to do experiments . there were many giveaways as well , this one encouraging the kids to plant a garden .
we had incredible dinner my dad made all the food and served it as well we ate everything then had dessert
today we taught a classroom of kids they came to learn about science and insects as we taught they were listening intently i thought they would never stop asking questions little [male] just sat there and took it all in !
the diner was furnished and lit . inside the studio , some bikes were parked . this man wore a very interesting trench coat . the sculpture was a very nice and tall . the blue ocean was lovely .
that is the location location sky line at the point of my middle finger . on our way up to the location location bridge . a view across the bay at location location . looking up at the top of the location location . it is even more magical once you are on the bridge than you would think .
we received out invitation for the upcoming wedding . we arrived in front of the event . wow ! it was a beautiful place to hold it . the bide and groom were married in no time and happy as ever . they cut the cake as we all drank and laughed together . in the end , they got in their car and drove off for the honeymoon .
if we really focus on it we can get on this show ! come on i know we can do it if we work together all i have to do is get a few people and we are off to the races i think we can do it just a couple more here we are this is the team that is going to win !
it was almost war time it was time for the jacson 27 to go to battle it was an older ship but could still be useful they were gon na teach the enemy a thing or two war was on the horizon and jacson 27 was gon na hold its own
we went to the city for a big party in the streets . we rode the carousal at night when the lights were bright . the bridge that crossed over the water was even lit up . there were so many different fun games to play that night . even during the night people were out riding their bikes .
the graduates were shown a movie about global warming . they all sat in confusion and boredom . a speaker told them to imagine that they just won the lottery . the teachers looked confused in regard to that statement . professor smith was the most confused out of everyone .
today we race ! line up and go ! my friend [male] showed up ! he 's so determined . go [male] ! i took a break along the side for a minute and snapped a race photo . it was so much fun . here comes [male] and baby [female] . ca n't talk now [male] and [female] ! i have to race . i ran fast and came up to the finish line ! this 1k race was killer ! yay i 'm done !
on our way to aunt [female] 's holiday celebration/birthday party ! here 's [female] opening some items to start playing a game . all the adults decided to sit on one side . the larger group numbered around 50 . we continued eating well into the afternoon . at dusk we watched fireworks and gathered for a group photo with the flag .
there is this awesome video game i play . it 's a lot like real life . i control a human and i go through human like events . it 's very addicting . sometimes i like to sit around in the game like i do in life .
the table was well decorated . the man wore religious garments . we toasted to the finer things in life . the restaurant was full at this time . i decided to visit the venue for entertainment .
we had a great view of the city . behind us was amazing mountains . we went into the city from there to look around . we explored the area and got to know the place . we headed to a organization to get a coffee before heading out .
i was out walking downtown last night . i went to the museum to see a lot of interesting pieces . some of the decorations outside were very whimsical . after it started to get dark i began to head back . i saw this dog on the street and took it home .
my friend and i went out to eat together last night . we started off with a couple of drinks . then our food came and it was delicious . we may have ordered a little too much food . but at the end we were very happy that we went .
she poses at the location state line . he 's happy to be in the redwood forest . they pose together at the vista . the solar toilet is explained in the diagram . the trees make them look like little insects .
i arrived for my first day of college and immediately i felt nervous . there were so many people and the building was so large it was all somewhat overwhelming . then i saw a familiar piece of technology that made me feel almost at home . class began and the nerves started working against me again . after a short while though i realized the curriculum was very similar to what i already knew making me feel at home once again .
a fun soccer match , that is my team in the black . the team with the white shirts was very good . that is me about to kick the ball . the other teams players could jump very high . the ball goes into the net , goal !
you would n't believe the quality of the meets at the strip market in town . and the product is so fresh and ripe . i went just the other day and spotted a new bakery . the streets were crowded with people which did not surprise me . i decided to splurge and took a chariot ride back home .
this couple 's marriage was a success . there were beautiful flowers everywhere . guests gathered to drink . some guests danced . the women posed for pictures .
it was the kids first halloween . they were so cute dressed up . one was dressed up like a chick . the other had a pumpkin costume . we had the daycare all decorated , too .
we spent a week preparing our house for halloween night . we carved the pumpkins and lit them up/ we set up the coffin and filled it with a body . the vampire couple was really scary . our house won an award for being the best one on the street .
the friends tour the town and all of the attractions it hold . there is a large shadow cast on the ground from one of the friends . a book store named copperfield 's is in the center of town . the store has many great books that can be purchased if you wish to do so . the street is empty with not many cars or people .
the motorbikes gather at the starting line as the race is about to begin . going through the hills , the motorbikes are going up and down into the air . a tight curve is coming up as the racer in green prepares for the turn . they make the turn successfully but are unable to keep up with the pack . the man in white is seen smiling as he wins the race .
the president of our company held a banquet for the employees . he spoke for a long time . his speech was so boring , i wondered why i came in the first place . then i remembered i came for the free food . at least i could eat while he talked .
we went around town . first , we went to the church . the buildings in the area where really cool . we found a quick place to sit and eat lunch . after a coffee , we went back out . we continued our walk through the streets .
the protest was downtown this morning . many people of all races and sexes were in attendance . news crews from all around were there to report on the event . several groups carried banners in support of the cause . the entire protest was very peaceful and effective in my opinion .
i had a great time at the picnic last week . there were a lot of people there . the children had a great time . we told them stories . some of the stories were very scary .
everyone is excited for the annual meeting . the chairs are all set up with the proper paperwork . the presenters are ready and have their powerpoint pulled up on the screen . the huge crowd of people is seated and ready . finally the presentation is done and the crowd goes wild . it was a great conference .
two friend play guitar at the party . banging out a beat on the drums . strumming the guitar for the fans . three friends have a jam session . the man is doing his big guitar solo .
today we looked at the new apartment . i was glad to see how clean and nice it was . though the bedrooms and other areas of the unit were nice , we could n't believe how nice the kitchen was . the photo 's on from the ad did n't do it justice . the bathroom was immaculate and exceptionally clean the stove was of commercial quality . it had over 6 burners and the realtor told me it was a organization unit . the kitchen had a lot of counter space and a peninsula that came way out into the main area where we will be doing the cooking . overall , me and my wife were very pleased with the apartment , especially this kitchen . i ca n't get over how they are made such a large kitchen for a 2 bedroom apartment . we will probably be renting it .
the dj got the audience hyped up for the party . a lot of people were dancing . others were dancing in larger groups . the two stopped for a photo . some people left the party earlier than others .
she was bad bad girl that night [male] was crusing for some hot guys with some hot buns [male] was interested in [male] ! darth maul showed up and caused trouble he left with the hottest chick at the party !
did i ever tell you about this chair ? that chair ( like this one ) is haunted ! if anyone puts their chair in front of this particular light ... their hand will become like this ! this woman is living proof !
i spent the fourth with my boyfriend and his family ! we both agreed to leave early to get to the fireworks show before everyone else . we laid out blankets on the ground , so we 'd have somewhere to sit and watch the show . the fireworks show was awesome ! even the dog was excited about the celebration .
the sepia tone used in the photos gave them a timely look . [male] gave stu some words of advice for the wedding . i never thought i 'd see our grandma 's wedding ring on someone else ' hand but this seemed right . [female] and [female] shared a moment right before the ceremony . [female] took a bit too much to drink and started blabbering at the other guests .
i went to my friend 's house party last week . there were a lot of people there . we were all having a great time . we played some games while we were there . afterward we went up to the roof to shoot some fireworks .
in the living room , there was a great atmosphere . my family met in the middle to take pictures . we all posed together in unison . the living room and the kitchen were open . we had a lovely event on that night .
my sister was excited to use her new camera . she gave it to me to take a group photo . then she took a picture of our brother . then her daughter . she snapped her coloring .
we arrived around sunset and it was beautiful . we had to walk to our hotel , but that was not a problem . except for [male] , whom was very tired . we walked to the pier and checked out the fishing boats ... and , [male] was a very happy boy !
i went on a nature hike with my dad and my brother . we eventually ran across this creek . there was a huge boulder right in the middle of the stream . my dad joked about diving off . i used the self timer and got a picture of us all together .
need to have a snack before setting out to explore . what people go on vacation for , to buy buy buy . getting a little silly with the lime but it 's been a long day . one last picture of my day eating and shopping . what a funny monkey in his sunglasses , what some tourist wo n't do .
daddy kissed me goodbye and sent me off to my first day of school . it was lonely walking to the bus stop . but it only took a minute before i made a new friend . it was his first day too . before i knew it i had a whole bunch of new friends . the school bus pulled up and we boarded . ready to start a new adventure .
the couple went on vacation . he dressed for the outdoors . they did a lot of exploring . they had to be careful when walking on the rough terrain . they really subscribed to the philosophy on this truck : one life-live it .
i got to pick out my first pumpkin to carve , today ! my sister and brother were there , too . i really think my sister got the biggest one out of all of us ! my brother insists his is the best , though . i 'm just happy that i had fun today , and i want to do it again , sometime !
we decided to have a dress up party with our friends . two of my friends having a good time . some of my other friends who did n't dress up for the party . three of my close friends who came to the party in costume . one of my guy friends dressed like pokemon . the last picture of the night , my friends drinking and posing .
the little kids dressed up in costumes for a halloween party . this little girl was dressed like a cute little pumpkin . this little girl was dressed up in a duck outfit . the little pumpkin girl was walking home with her parents . she finally arrived back at her house safe and sound .
the couple took photos in front of the tower and then saw a giant painting before viewing many other paintings and even a room with a huge chandelier . then they went into the most beautiful room of all .
if it 's summer is must be summer day camp . making lunch with the other campers . sitting in a circle for story time . listening to the speaker at camp . going fishing at the end of the day .
this is the day we went to see the city 's parks . we saw all kinds of pretty flowers . we went to see the parade downtown . there were all kinds of performers there . this guy was a fantastic juggler there .
in the summer time , dad likes to take big [male] out on the lake for some tubing behind the boat . big [male] weighs 250 pounds so he really needs to punch the throttle for maximum power . wow , big [male] broke the ski rope . that kid is so strong ! yeah , we got the right speed . big [male] is hydroplaning perfectly , he 's barely touching the water at this speed . we have so much fun tubing on the lake . i ca n't wait until next weekend .
halloween night . the adults are ready to go trick or treating . the kids are also ready to go get their loot . they look adorable . it was a busy night for those passing out candy . what a great evening .
our friend ran the 20 mile marathon this week . we were there to encourage her the whole way . she started out slow but steady . eventually she made it to the front of the pack . she managed to finish in the top 10 !
bud and [female] threw a halloween party for their friends . there was lots of delicious food then the party turned serious . bud and [female] brought out tools , old newspaper , and pumpkins ! all shapes and sizes for their friends to carve jack-o-lanterns ! mimi went to work right away . cleaning out and carving the face on the pumpkin faster than anyone . mimi 's pumpkin was scary but also inspired the party-goers . mimi smiled and told them it looked just like her boss . everyone decided these were the best , besides mimi 's . the jack-o-lanterns greeted the lucky trick or treaters that night .
the first day of school is arriving soon , so i placed an order for school supplies . i purchased a messengers bag . as well as a ton of necessary supplies . i started organizing them right away . i am very prepared for the first day of classes now .
[male] loved being a jockey . but falling off his horse was embarrasing . he watched all the other horses and jockey 's pass him by . he watched all the horses pass the finish line . he thought he was going to cry .
the retreat had many tall trees and monkey that needed to be fed . after feeding they played before the adult had some food too and enjoyed the great view of the water .
here i am getting ready . now i have a shirt on . here 's me with my mask . who is this pink haired lady ? and why is that guy staring at me ?
st. [female] 's day is always a fun celebration in the city . this restaurant always gathers a large crowd . the food is very delicious and the menu is large . after dinner , the drinks are poured and the partying begins . by the end of the night , most everyone is drunk and dancing .
it was the biggest crowd ever for this year 's 4th of july parade . this little guy proudly waved his flag . the costumes looked very authentic . the people behind this fence were grilling and it smelled great . it was finally dark and the fireworks show began .
there were many posters brought to the event . there were plenty of green items . the dogs even wore green leashes . one fan brought a loud horn . some people gathered on the side .
we got together for a family barbeque . we set up the table and made the food . it looked absolutely amazing . afterwards we went through some family albums . then passed out from being so full .
the wedding reception was a lot of fun . silliness was around every corner the kids danced the night away . she wanted to wear the silly glasses . the bride and groom were a bit silly as well .
every summer there is this awesome party thrown in the neighborhood . super soakers welcome ! but mainly everyone invents a bicycle that has a trailer on it . and the trailer is full of random items . it is so much fun watching the cyclists ride their creations .
arts and crafts in the park . what better way to spend a saturday afternoon with the kids ? today is an eco-friendly theme . we 're making bird habitats to encourage small birds to breed in the area . maisie is becoming really quite good with the hammer here . perhaps we 've got a budding carpenter in our midst . watch your fingers [male] ! the finished article and the twins are super proud of their work . let 's get these nailed up in the trees . time to pack up and leave . a fun day was had by all . we 'll be back !
today we finally arrived to our location destination . [male] wanted a serious photo of himself sitting next to the location sign . the scenery here was absolutely breathtaking with the mountains and the beautiful trees . stumbled upon a solar toilet , craziest thing i 've seen lately ! the best part of the day was standing next to these big beautiful trees , nothing like nature to put everything into perspective .
[male] loved cosplay . this is where you invent a character and make a costume to develop it . he was particularly proud of the design and construction of the hilt of his sword . it was very elaborate . his cape and tunic he had made the pattern and sewn it himself . he knew had done good work . [male] was ready for the next cosplay event .
the flowers were blooming and there were many spices for sale including curcuma . there was also bottled items that were very intricate .
my son started 3rd grade today . each year on the first day of school i take a picture with all of our kids together . it turns out that a lot of my son 's friends wanted to take a picture with him , too . in fact , i ended up spending 30 minutes taking pictures of all of them . for the first time ever i 'm allowing my son to wait for , and take , the school bus on his own .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i will return
i had a lot of work to do at the meeting . there were many people there that did not speak english . i tried to communicate things to them . they had a hard time understanding . it was going to be a long meeting .
it was time to have a super dinner with family , we started out with all these taco ingredients , then we moved to this squid like substance . then we had a bunch of shrimp scampi , and finished it off with some strong drinks .
hanging out with the best friends after a long day . everyone dressed in their best attire for hang out night . my best friend [female] enjoying her light night . [male] ca n't get enough of talking to [female] . think the crew getting tired and cold . we called it a night and all parted separate ways .
about a century ago . the english cigarette company players distributed cards with their products . some of the cards depicted the people native to the arctic . other cards showed natural phenomena like the northern lights . most of the cards featured the brave men who were just then exploring the incharted territory . apparently the explorers took time to pose for selfies .
we went to a science show and saw some of the new inventions . including some stuffed animals . segways were everywhere . there were also robots . some of the robots were as big as children .
the wedding cake was covered in pink and red roses . napkins were decorated with the names of the bride and groom . guests gathered in the church to prepare for the ceremony . glass artwork was displayed to add to the beauty of the scene . the bride and her friend posed for an after picture .
a soldier scopes out his enemies with binoculars . one of the snipers takes aims at a target . a small boy peaks around the corner of a boulder and watches the soldiers . another soldier prepares a heavy machine gun to face his enemies . at the end of the day , a sergeant signs an autograph for a little boy .
the family likes going to see the game . we always sit together in a big group . we do n't always play with our food , but today we ca n't help it . our seats are high up in the stadium so we are glad for the big screen . thanks , dad , for the tickets !
i took my senior photos today , i was allowed to bring my own props . first i brought my books because it 's my favorite thing to do . then i bought my dog , because he 's my best friend . next i took a couple black and white shots , i always thought they looked classy . at the end of the day , i was glad to be done posing .
it was bush 's last day in office . this was the happiest day of my life . me and my wife were ecstatic . we were almost as ecstatic as our friends . but our friend who always wears yellow hats was perhaps the happiest of all . we celebrated by putting balloons on our dinner plates .
[female] came to visit . here we are waiting in the lounge . the event is about to start . she is shaking hands with a local politician . the event was a huge success .
it was an epic halloween party . the house was decorated up with lights . my friends were stoned out of their minds . i 'm not sure they even knew i was taking pictures . they are crazy all the time .
today we went for a long drive by the water there were many beautiful scenes including this one if the rock wall we then decided to see the other side of the rock wall and ended the day going to the market on the street
the people protested with a big banner and there were many on bicycles . one man had a chair and the police could not believe it so they evacuated the streets .
the game environment seemed mostly normal at first . it then became surreal and interesting . many people were walking around , ignoring the odd disks in the sky . a show was on the screen , but not everyone was paying attention . the visuals on the screen changed , but many were too busy having fun .
we got to go to the stadium for an organization game . we posed by the window . the family posed by the field . we were very close . the scoreboard could be clearly seen .
everyone rose as the bride entered the building at the start of the wedding ceremony . they were married by a priest , and shared their vows with each other . after the wedding ceremony , everyone gathered together in the hall for the reception . the bride and her father danced together . the bride and groom then danced together for the first time as a happily married couple .
we went to a wedding recently . the groom looked so happy ! all the groom 's friends were happy for him . the food was amazing ! they got married and looked amazing !
i bought an old chair at the tag sale . it was more of a couch than a chair , there was a rustic barn photo on the print , there were windmills too . there was a quarter in it !
a man in blue comes to the cemetery to pay his respects . the man is coming to the cemetery to visit a loved one that passed away . a freshly dug grave covered in flowers . flowers surround a final resting place in the cemetery . the grave of a deceased man who was in the organization and fought in location .
christmas is the best time of the year , even if it does n't snow where this family is . they still love their christmas treats and hanging out with their family . but best of all , the christmas treats .
repairs and renovations were needed for the rv . the inside was fine , however , and was very cozy . in fact , it was very fancy ! but outside needed some tender-loving care . work continues , but is nearing completion !
we were able to watch the fireworks from the beach . they were so beautiful and lit up the night sky . the hotel had music synchronized to the fireworks . we were able to enjoy them without the crowds . the finale was spectacular .
the class field trip to location location was a delightful experience . first , we went out to the pier , where some tried there hand at fishing . others just took in the great views of the skyline . then there was the infamous hustle and bustle of wall street . location location location has so much to offer .
the night begins with getting all of the costumes ready and put on . the dinosaur one was really hot . here are a couple of the guests dressed as medusa , a famous and mythical gorgon , and a hobo . here we have an old-fashioned pilgrim woman holding her traditional baby-giraffe . the baby-giraffe is making his rounds to all the guests here . now a biker is holding him . there are a couple care bears in attendance as well ; the whole night was a fun and memorable experience for all those involved .
the tree branches here had a weird green color to them . there was a big gate to keep the cows in . here we stopped and found some pretty flowers . this is the farmhouse where the animals are . and here is some of the goats that were inside .
my boss had a great investment idea . he held a presentation for the board of the company . he explained his ideas . he charted them out on a nice presentation . they seemed to respond well .
the candidate makes a speech to his fans . voters line up to hear the candidate make a speech . the candidate fills a plate of food his fans made for him . voters line up to say fare well to the candidate . the candidate journeys by boat to save money .
the family went to their parents ' house on new year eve . the boy 's grandparents served the family dinner . they had champagne , wine , gin and tonic and some other drinks . the family then decided to go out . they wanted to celebrate new year eve with other people on the street .
last weekend 's halloween party was so much fun . we had a cake . i spent a lot of time hanging out with my friends . we took so many pictures . everyone had a great time .
the man is happy that his wife is happy . they have a good time at the club with the dancers there . it ends up being a very good night .
this was the twins very first family reunion . they enjoyed being greeted by different family members . life can become so busy that families tend to lose touch , so there was a lot of catching up to do as we sat around the pick-nick table and talked . other relatives enjoyed playing games . ( the males in our family can be so competitive . ) many of the cousins had n't seen each other in years and wanted pictures to remember the time that they spent together . the reunion was a big success , everyone was happy and there were lots of smiles .
we loved going to the shops in mexico they had all kinds of amazing statues the artistic value alone makes these incredible i bought a man playing an accordian for my dad because he plays i loved these so i bought them too
some countries have markets where they sell and trade goods . individuals come to the market with the goods that they make to sell or trade . many merchants have started their own businesses . some make a living on a specific talent or trade . whatever they have , they bring to the table to acquire needs and wants from other people . since so many people are contributing , it is a good way to make sure everyone has their needs met .
a nations military is a powerful asset . the military is a force of protection and also can provide aid to those that need it . they are an extension of their nations government and work as a team to be the best that they can be .
the couple posing with the brides father . we then got a nice photo of the couple together . here is the new married couple enjoying their first kiss as a married couple . you could see the desire as they looked into each others eyes . a wonderful picture of their wedding rings .
the night was young , but the group was ready for their meeting . we had a great time figuring out how we planned to blow up the bank vault and steel all the money . these two happily volunteered to go into the bank first , guns blazing , they may be the first to die if the police show . these are our master locksmiths , their job is to unlock any stubborn deposit boxes in the vault . but when all of the roles for the robbery we assigned , we ate a bunch of great food .
[male] loves to throw movie parties . tonight they are going to watch a classic from organization , the love bug . zack got tired early and decided to take a nap . [male] is really getting into the movie because he 's never seen it before . [female] had too much to drink at the party so after everyone left [male] set her up on the couch for the night .
location location is a great place to get away to . there are some fantastic views there . we even got to watch the sunrise . it was fun to see all the buildings in the city . this bridge was my favorite place to visit , so magnificant .
yesterday was [female] 's wedding day . she and [male] got married in a beautiful church . they looked really nice in their wedding portrait . they had matching rings for their promises to each other . [female] and [male] lived happily ever after .
our vacation led us on an unusual trail . the nature all around us amazed us . the sky promised good weather ahead . the kids were particularly happy about this vacation choice . we were really happy we had decided to come .
i went on a somber trip to the cemetery to see some deceased family . i placed a flag on one of our past relatives that was a veteran . there were some extravagant memorials . this one included a statue of the deceased . i found this monument very interesting as well .
here is my sister playing a violin . the flower girls are coming down the aisle . here is the anxious groom waiting . look at the yellow tree . here are some beautiful purple flowers .
she was concerned but she tried desperately not to show it . there best art teacher was retiring . no one knew yet who would replace her . when she addressed the class the made the announcement . no one wanted to see mrs. carwile retire but they were beginning to accept it was her time .
at the baby shower everyone showed up for a great time . the kids went out back to play with toys . they went into the small sandbox and buried the toys . my husband was laughing at my for taking to many pictures of the event . so many gifts were received by my sister who was having her first baby .
we went to the aviation museum we got to see alot of cool stuff . i saw authentic wwii stuff . as well as a stealth plane . i would go back again .
he thought the girls dressed as cops were hot . not to mention the girls on stage . he had dressed as einstein . he hit on the girls dressed as organization organization cheerleaders until he realized they were men . but then he saw a scantily clad girl and went for that .
tonight was a fun night with friends . we had some delicious seafood for dinner . everyone tried a crab leg for the first time . then afterwards we danced under the stars . later some friends had a fun mock fighting match .
the first guests began to arrive for the hanukkah celebration . the candle shone brightly and the long table was set when the guests began to fill it . each attendee shared their thanks for the hosts and began to wait for the food to arrive . when it did everyone commented on the unusual foods and how interesting it looked . whatever apprehensions hey had was quickly forgotten as the guests began to dig in .
all of friends and family were at the house . various foods were prepared for dinner . everyone was having a great time . the kids and animals bonded . i even felt like taking a selfie .
we had a big family dinner this week . everyone was hungry and eating really fast . the food was delicious and all got eaten . after dinner , we snacked on desserts . at the end we all posed for the group picture .
while eating lunch and waiting was in conversation with a friend of mine . a storm started to roll in as we were finishing our meal . a shot of the skyline as it started to cloud over . the ships started to pull in as the sun started to set . a ferris wheel stretching up towards the sky so tall .
josh was getting married after 10 year of having the same girlfriend . his friends were happy he was finally tying the knot they all helped him on his big day . the ceremony went on flawlessly . they danced the night away at the reception hall .
the scenery on the road is peaceful and quiet . the vehicle is preparing to stop for a break . the driver stopped to take a picture of the scenery . this portion of the mountain is not as cloudy . the water is crashing against the rocks .
the teachers happily gathered in the school gym to celebrate mr. klink 's retirement ! he had loved this school with all of his heart , and he had loved his fellow faculty members , but it was time to move on and to let someone younger take over his job , but not before he got to eat some delicious cake !
the bridal show was a big event this year . so many beautiful models walked the runway . some men did , too , modeling suits and tuxes . prom and other formal wear was also on display . even flower girls got in on the action . it was a great show !
the group of friends brought their dogs to see the fireworks with them . they are very excited for the upcoming festivities . the fireworks start out small and get larger . the next one is quite a display with shimmering silver . the woman is happy with her dog .
the stage is set for a wonderful graduation . all of the students wait attentively to receive their degree . he pauses in the excitement to take a picture with the school mascot . the teachers pose with one of their favorite students . after its all said and done , they take a nice family picture .
before we toured the new space , we were able to examine some plans so the layout was not a total surprise . as soon as we entered the building we noticed the old details had been preserved . the large windows allowed lots of light to enter the large rooms . the wood details in the old walls had also been preserved . the kitchen although serviceable , could use some updating if we were to sign the lease .
our newborn is home from the hospital . he is so little , i can not believe it . dad is so amazed by his new child our baby likes sleeping next to him . but mom is always ready to comfort him .
the man was on the boat and people were cheering . that he was returning and he greeted them and was well liked .
the town reminded me of a movie scene . more than half of the population worked at the jiffy factory . a large map on the side of a building told us where we were . we made it to the church before the pastor left . then we had lunch at a diner called purple [female] .
my favorite time of the year is when the leaves begin to turn colors . it 's a perfect time to take a walk outside and enjoy nature . during my walk , i decided to follow the local railroad tracks . i eventually made my way to the old bridge in town . at the end of my nature walk , i went into the city for lunch .
the students gathered on the yellow school bus for a trip to the big apple ! they were excited to see all the attractions while driving around downtown . they crossed over a bridge and looked down at the water below . the bus driver let them off to explore the pier by the water . they ended their trip by staring off into the cool calm waters .
i rode the train in to the city one fall day . the town was dressed for fall , with crisp air and changing tree colors . the cathedral at the heart of the town looked especially lovely in the light . a vendor had a bunch of pumpkins out for sale , which i admired . i walked through the streets and admired the architecture and decorations .
doing interviews will always be a part of the business . i have to admit though , i like it better once the interview is over and we can kick back for a minute . it 's great when the interviewer is also a fan . performing in front of a crowd has always got my adrenaline pumping . it 's easy to feed off of a good crowd .
what a lovely bouquet . they were so happy to receive it . she would surely have it on display . delicious food was being prepared . time to dig in .
the wedding guests are dressed as pirates ! they are seated and waiting for the bride and groom . here comes the bride and groom . they exchange their vows and prepare for their first kiss . now that the bride and groom are wed , it 's time for a pirate party !
there were many people at the rally yesterday . they were blocking traffic on the street . i had a great time there . i brought a sign with me . after the sun started to set i went home .
[female] gets her make up put on before the wedding . mom and dad are proud to be there ! the couple prepare to take their vows . here they are pronounced man and wife . everyone enjoyed the reception .
we decided to take a country drive around our village . farm country is full of rustic charm . the farmer 's market teems with fresh fruits and vegetables . we bought a lot of it ! we were proud to see such art displayed here . the old architecture is also artistic !
i went to a dress up party at my dorm where people were asked to look different . a freind of mine wore a fox mask with fur around her shoulders . these 3 did a great job with just a little face paint and a few wearables . this was the cutest couple at the event , they were so great together . my freind [male] was the person who took all the pictures , i was upset he did n't dress up himself .
the entire police academy class looked on as the honorary guard held the location flag at the front . my brother and his fellow police academy grads listen closely as the president of the academy speaks . after she was done speaking my brother took his shot at the podium . after giving his speech my brother stood proudly with his two instructors . once he was done posing for the picture my brother 's favorite instructor pinned his badge onto his shirt .
it was a chilly day for dressing up on halloween . one of my co-workers just used a costume he 'd worn at organization . [male] from accounting is a dead ringer for the great [male] [male] . as the day wore on , he slipped in and out of character , appropriating pieces of other people 's costumes . sadly , our [male] [male] also gets a little frisky-fingered a few drinks into happy hour .
everyone was excited to watch the big race . the runners were passing by adoring crowds . one of the runners , [male] , waved at his mom as he ran by . [male] was pretty popular , so he was waving at a lot of people along the route . it seemed like everyone was having a good time at the race .
today was the day . everyone was there . it was so crowded . he shook some hands . and made some new friends .
this is the first package to arrive at my new office . i 'm very excited about this opportunity ! in the box i found all of my promotional material . this will definitely boost business ! here i am going over the business plan with my partner . do n't we look deep in thought ? this is our desk . we 're starting to get really organized . this is the waiting area for the clients . i think we may put a coffee maker in soon . i love my new office !
the mighty raccoons brass band had not seen in each other in years before they reunited . [male] 'bad sax ' molinski was ready to go . [male] 'motor mouth ' crews arrived with a hot harmonica that needed playing . [male] 'stinky finger ' jones was rocking the second he showed up . the band was all there , and played there forgotten hits alone , and together , throughout the night .
we had n't seen [female] in awhile but when we did , we started right where we left off . drinking . she somehow got to eat some cake sometime during the night . she found her old boyfriend too . they started to make out almost immediately . they could n't keep their hands off each other all night . as the night wore on , they were less intimate , which was a relief to us .
it 's [female] 's christening day . welcoming our angel on her christian world . my relatives were all present on the event . the reception almost ready for the visitor to come . they were coming and we the parents of [female] was so excited .
location is beautiful at night ! we had to look at some anime stuff ! there were costumes to try on . here are some pics we took in the costumes ! we enjoyed our evening !
last weekend was very sunny . i went to see my friend 's wedding . they were getting married after being together for six years . everyone had shown up to celebrate . there was a lot of dancing . afterward they were given all the gifts .
the couple were hiking up a trail in rather fancy clothing . they found their friends and had a sifting ceremony . after the ceremony , they said their vows and became husband and wife . they held each other close as friends and family cheered them on . the couple was very satisfied with their unique and enjoyable wedding .
a devastating hurricane has ruined a lot of homes in location . relief efforts are being discussed carefully by members of the armed forces and some community volunteers . the relief team captain talks about their efforts to make sure that everyone gets the relief they need and that no one gets left out . civilian volunteers enjoy devoting their time for a cause . helping each other does do great things . food and medicine successfully reached the victims of the calamity .
before the church convention begins , some of the members clown around . one of the speakers walks up the podium . another church member makes the announcements . two members listen intently to the service . after the service is over , the congregation has refreshments .
we went to the salad bar for lunch then we took a walk in the woods as sunset came upon us we realized we were lost we ended up on the ocean and found a pirate ship
we visited an old castle in location . the ground were meticulously maintained . a creek ran right through the grounds . we went inside the old structure . it was amazing . i liked how the hallways went on and on .
every halloween , the family would get together and carve pumpkins . the pumpkin carving was a tradition , and brought out the happy and goofy sides of every family member . even the family pets got to celebrate with the season and take a nice swim while the family carved pumpkins . once the pumpkins were ready , everyone got together and took family photos . at night , after all the activities were over , the pumpkins were put out on display for the whole neighborhood to see .
the workers are working on renovating a building . they worked on building the walls and the carpet . then they worked on the individual offices . after that they finished the tile floors . once they were done the crowd of people was there to celebrate the completion .
the graduation ceremony was very long . there were many guest speakers . one after another they got up to deliver their speech . i thought it would never end . the students were very happy to finally receive their diplomas and graduate .
the groom 's party at the wedding . i 'm glad i was a part of it . the cake was n't a giant affair but it was still delicious . the bride and groom then spent some time outside taking pictures with family and friends . my brother was drunk and decided to take photos with a disposable camera . later in the night , we found the groom again and got in one last photo .
[female] and [female] decided to go to the new year 's eve party this year . at the party , a bartender was there to take their order . waiters in the back worked to prepare trays of drinks for them . there were also tables of snacks for them to eat . the party even had decorative hats for them to wear .
i put my new camera to the test as soon as possible . such vivid colors , i 'm already thrilled with this camera . my sister is so photogenic no matter what camera is used . just a silly shot of a cool monkey . i love the blurring of the background . i need to learn the settings in lowlight , time to read the instructions !
i saw her crossing the street and thought id say hello . she ran right into one of her good friends . blocked . i tagged along to a local cafe where i was lucky enough to make them laugh a few times . they did that whole `` piece sign '' thing but they where still cute . we had a few drinks and let the night go wherever it was .
the hockey player skates around an orange cone with the hockey puck . he dodges the red defense hockey player and continues skating with the puck . the red player intercepts the puck and goes for the goal . the red player lines up the puck for the shot . the goalie blocks the puck !
we visited location location in location location location . first we came to an advertisement of the organization . then we saw on advertisement on an led screen . we watched as the construction workers complete their project . after that we came to the organization organization organization organization organization .
we were honored to have a local representative come to our military banquet . we worked hard making a great lunch that day and he was served just like everyone else . the representative gave a very encouraging speech during the meal . he took time to go to each table and speak to everyone in attendance . he presented his with a volunteer t-shirt after the dinner was over .
everyone went to uca . the day began with a bake sale to benefit the school . some girls spent the day looking at their laptops . other girls looked over maps of the school . everyone walked together around the campus .
we took a trip to the mountains . we say a large beautiful building . we snapped a few shots before heading back . we all got together for a large dinner and shared some laughs with some wine .
the soccer teams battled to see who would win the game . the ball switched sides as everyone tried to gain control . there was physical contact trying to retrieve the ball . the team members hustled down the field . there were some close calls where some team members could have been hurt .
christmas was awesome with the family . dad filled his plate . mom poured wine . we all ate and talked . emmy loved her presents !
a car showed up to my street and the party started from there . a local rock star played on his guitar . the kids enjoyed eating fresh fruit . one child ate sixteen slices of watermelon . his father watched from afar and was embarrassed .
i went down to the beach last weekend . there was a big fire there . the storm clouds were also coming in . i spent some time at the beach . after a few hours i left to go home .
[male] could n't wait to get to work to show everyone his costume . [male] went for a pretty predictable magneto so you ca n't really tell from his mask how funny he thinks [male] 's costume is . just in case people did't get it [male] set up a display so he could paint many `` happy little trees . '' he told [female] about how we also considered another 80s reference in [male] e neuman and his `` what me worry '' stance . but [male] was having the most fun when he saw that [female] had styled up her hair so they could hang out as afro twins .
my father pulled his old bicycle out of storage for me to ride . we saw that the bicycle had been made in the early 1980s . the bicycle was a 10th anniversary edition for the manufacturer . the gears looked as though they needed a little cleaning , but otherwise were in good shape . the frame of the bicycle was in perfect condition and was ready to be ridden .
[female] fun ! slip and slide . here goes my brother . how 'd he get up like that ? oh , he taught me how to do it . let 's all go down together .
today i experienced the art of another culture . giant statues were created almost a century ago in location . there were hidden lakes that made for good vacation spots . an eerie bridge scared me because of the fog . i ended up walking down the bridge and going home .
the trail lead through the park . they enjoyed looking up at the tree tops . there were planters along the way . it ended at the lake . there was an old tree growing from the bottom of the lake but it did n't look healthy .
the rally was a lot of fun . there were tons of people there . i had a lot of energy that day . i showed my sign to everyone . we began to head north .
when my brother got out of the hospital he decided to throw a halloween party . he invited over all his friends . he did n't know his bottom was exposed . all of us then got dressed up in costumes . this couple won the best costume award .
[male] loved being on his soccer team . he practiced every day so that he would be ready for games . when he did play official games it was impossible to get the ball away from him . he took every shot he could . he almost always made the goal .
here to announce he 's running for president . my father mr. [male] p. wahl i 'm running for president in 2016 , please vote for me . i care about everyone . i 'm honest , sincere , happy to know everyone and mostly , no new taxes i 'm finished with my speech if there are any questions , please ask . vote for [male] .
there are a lot of students graduating this year . everyone of them was so excited . there were a lot of friends and family that came to show support . i had a great time . i am very glad to finally graduate .
it was going to be a great day for a wedding . the bride and groom walked to the front of the people gathered . they were pronounced man and wife in front of all there family and friends . next it was time to pose for photos for cherished memories . later in the day everyone enjoyed a great meal at the reception .
he had been practicing all year for the annual role playing tournament . his outfit this year was far better than in years past . plus , his sword was something everyone would be jealous of . he had even worked on his swordsmanship throughout the year to impress all the ladies . he could n't wait to head out so he could show off all his new skills .
i am so excited to try out my new camera . i took a photo of myself with my three sisters . i also took a photo of my brother in one of his serious moods . i captured a great photo of my young niece while she was thinking . later , i took a photo of her doing her favorite coloring book .
this is my first time as a bee catcher i worked intently to get them inside the homemade hives i had to be very careful as to not get stung look at all those queen bees we had succeeded and then started another hive
went downtown to look for thrift stores . sat on this bench and never noticed a plaque there . someone had a bad night , they hit the one way sign , how ? here we are , thrift stores , my favorite . thought of taking the subway but ducked into this cafe instead .
beautiful view of the majestic gardens . old chapel lying on the hills . new pumpkins everywhere as the season begins . old victorian style castle is an amazing view . shop and a old with old hanging clock adds to the elegance of the area .
today was the day . everyone was there . it was packed . then came the speech . and then the awards .
the girls are laughing at the party and also enjoying drinks . the guy is singing and the dj is being scary while everyone dances to the music .
this is the building that was next to the park we visited . the cafeteria had food that was very enjoyable . the park is very big and grassy . the lot was occupied by a couple of visitors and workers . the world always seems to impress the best of us .
everyone sat in anticipation until the wedding started . the bride and the groom looked very nervous at first . however , they quickly became relaxed . their kiss was magical as they began their lives together . there was so much joy that day , everyone was so happy .
i went to the wedding yesterday . it was very silly . everyone was making silly faces . we had a great time . the new couple was very excited .
on the parents visit day at school i got to talk to the kids . i spoke to the kids about my job and what i do for a living . the kids went outside and took a group photo . it was nice meeting all of the students at the school . i got a photo with some of the mothers at the school .
birds are majestic creatures . they soar wild , untamed , and free . though with the right trainer , most birds can be taught to be handled by humans . a bird belongs to itself , though . you can not contain it 's spirit .
[male] was anxiously awaiting the wedding . finally the day arrived and he married his beautiful bride . they cut the cake . they posed for photos with their friends . finally it was time for the honeymoon . they were very excited .
these two love to ice skate . the girl love to do tricks on the ice . she glides very smootly . the couple did a nice performance together . the couple did many tricks and show so much passion through their ice skating . it was a sight to see .
our road trip led us here for lodging . the city lights were bright that evening . this was a good place to dine . we stopped to fuel up before heading home . the moon was full and beautiful .
it 's new bullet train . we call it [male] because of the nose which looks like a duck bill . today is testing day for this new train . the station is empty because it 's not ready for the public yet . the tracks are clear too . we do n't want anything getting in the way of the test . it 's weird to see the place so empty . like a zombie apocalypse emptied the place of humanity . okay , and we 're off . the test ride has begun .
there are many musicians at the party . people are playing guitar and piano and electric guitar . the band is all playing together .
i flew to location in march . there was an organization protest that i wanted to attend . it had to do with water contamination . the turn out was pretty good . this guy was still there when i was leaving .
i went to a really wonderful wedding last weekend . the bride and her bridesmaids looked absolutely gorgeous . it was so precious when they cut the cake together . they are going to be such a great couple . their love was so apparent . we had a blast dancing the night away and watching all the festivities unfold .
this parade really shows what it was like over the last 100 years . this car looks like it does not know what year it belongs in . people did not dress like this in 1967 . the band 's uniforms seem to be slightly out of style . at least the band looks less tacky than some of the others .
the crowd inside the mall was huge that day . it was very easy to get lost in the madness . we met all sorts of strange people . we even got some temporary tattoos . we checked out and left the mob of people .
i really had to buy flowers for valentine 's day . i spent hours in the flower store . they had so many different kinds . there were so many colors . it was very difficult to choose among them . finally i made my decision and i was very happy with it .
the committee was getting ready for an important meeting . [male] greeted [male] , a new committe member . they were starting to sit down . the cameras were ready . soon the dicussion was underway .
sir [male] hamm was a great explorer . he traveled around in the first hot air balloon that he invented in 1760 . on one travel his balloon popped and he flagged down a ship . it captured him and pigmies tried to eat him . he grabbed a canoe and escaped with his life . he rowed very fast and found a small island . tsuni indians found him and welcomed him with open arms . he lived there until he died 50 years later . he was quite happy .
i decided to hang out with a good friend . we also invited some other friends over . we are very close , best friends since high school . here is my girlfriend showing me who 's boss . it was a very fun night and full of laughter .
my friends and i had a party at home and we had a lot of fun . someone had an idea to do a bottle cap toss game . it was surprisingly fun and competitive . i did n't win or get any bottle caps in at all but it was still a blast . [male] thought he could give himself some good luck by kissing his bottle cap . it did not work and he hit [female] in the face instead .
this year they had the stage outside . it was uncommon to do so , but it was neat seeing all of the gowns lined up on the sidewalk . the speeches where awesome this time , but i just might be biased . we sat quietly waiting for our names to be called . our parents and family waited for us in the quad .
last week we went to try out a new restaurant that just opened up . there were a lot of people dining there . we waited for a few minutes and then they seated us . the food was delicious . after we ate we ordered dessert to go .
grandma reading the pamphlet for my graduatuion . had a pre-party before i even graduated ! the teachers helping each other out in getting ready . walking to the stage to get our diplomas . patiently awaiting our names to be called .
sign up table for the charity golf game . two friends wish each other well before the game . one of the sponsors of the charity golf game . taking the perfect shot for charity . a couple play golf for a worthy cause .
he wanted to take a ride on his new bike . we went on a nice ride out to the lake . we really enjoyed the beautiful view from the dock . it was very peaceful watching the boats . we had such a busy day he needed a nap .
grandma was ready for the day . after her nap , she sat down to eat with her family . after their meal , they had some cake . after cake they passed out their cards . when the day was done , they relaxed for the evening .
on our way to our new room and saw the funniest little statue . all set up on our new bed . tired and ready to go to sleep . but she woke her up with a pillow fight challenge . the next day , they went to the farmers market .
my place was pretty awesome for having barbecues . [female] smiled as she sat next to [male] . the food was abundant and spectacular . [male] advanced toward [female] toward the end of the night . he ended up being best friends with the dog instead .
we arrived in location and immediately were overwhelmed by location . we climbed to the nearest peak and decided on our plan . we decided to head toward the market ... we took pictures , ate , and enjoyed ourselves ... and , then it was time to stock up on supplies -- i wanted oranges -- for the trip .
the village was small but quaint . the snowy hills brought many tourists . they enjoyed hiking and other activities . the early evening provided a beautiful view . some paths were cleared for those who did n't like the snow .
the town was decorated for christmas . a simple tree had been created using lights and few other materials . lights tastefully lined a balcony of one building . , and traced the architectural features of another . even without holiday lights , however , the town would be beautiful .
[male] likes to sometimes walk around town , both for exercise and to view interesting sights . the plaza features attractive tiles with historical information on plaques . the canal is always a pleasant place to rest for a while . the wall with children 's hand-prints is one of [male] 's favorite places . at the end of the day , [male] met some friends for dinner .
[male] and [male] are at the airport . they are waiting to board and want to get their food . they finally land and go straight to sight seeing . they explore the city , hoping to find something cool . they come across a fun little park with lots of sculptures , this is just what they wanted to see .
when i finally got to the historic site there was no one else there . there was no digging allowed according to the sign . it was a beautiful place . there were a lot of information plaques . i read them all .
it was father 's day . there is nothing my dad likes more than food and beer . so i search for the best deal i could find to get him what he wanted . we ended up at a small bar that was running a great food special . we set and talked and drink beer together , it was a great time .
the organizers got their tents set up that day . they planned on what they were going to do . they unpacked all their needed supplies . then they got all the equipment ready to go . once it was all set up , and the clock struck 9 , their firework display started .
we went to see my friend 's band . i ran into an old friend ! we were all joking around . i called my other friends to tell them he was here . we all had a fun night .
these flowers are so pretty that they must be kept in a vase ! this close up shows just how wonderful these flowers are ! the beauty and elegance found in nature is astounding ! even a bottle can make a good vase ! the more these flowers grow , the more beautiful they become !
[male] the mermaid commands his minions from his throne . among them are big evil cat face man . finger that thinks people are braille , and subsequently crushes them . and creepy naked monkey cat thingy . for transport , they all share a scooter . the snowglobe decides who gets to use it .
going to the protest in location . black and gay we are family protesters . black and gay here to stay sign . legalize gar marriage sign . put a ring on it sign , for gay marriage .
the car was a fantastic touch to the event . the groom and bride are intimate . they were the main attraction of the event . the couple watches the crowd with happiness . lastly , lunch was served in a well-furnished building .
i tried baking cookies for halloween this year . i tried to get creative . these lips shaped cookies turned out pretty well . i was also kind of proud of the bat cookies . of course my little brother has to do stuff like this .
it 's been two weeks since the pumpkins first appeared , the kids do n't seem to know any better . these pumpkins have murdered over 40 people nation wide , it 's good that the kids do n't know we 're being held hostage . this pumpkin could snap at any second and cut off my daughters head , i almost vomited after this picture . look how happy he is , he does n't know the damage this pumpkin has caused . it 's like the pumpkins are mocking me , they know how much these pictures hurt my soul .
we went swimming out in the lake . we had lots of floats . everyone had a great time . i got a lot of practice swimming . we had a lot of fun too .
all of us gathered together outside the restaurant , before the trip . once arriving at the dock the boat was more beautiful than ever imagined . hoisting the flag was one of my favored parts . they even showed us how to anchor down the ships . over all the sheer amount of ships was amazing .
there were a lot of people at the fair . some of them were drunk . they had a great time . everyone was smiling . afterward we went to the park and got dressed there .
antiques roadshow came to town and was giving a presentation on old items . they showed things that had a large value that no one would expect . this coffin top is easily worth a few million . then they had an open discussion about antiques . people could then get their items appraised live on the screen .
we arrived at nana 's house around noon . the dog was the first one to greet us at the door . the kids went into to play in the murky dirty pool . one of them got sick and we had to run to the car and take them to the hospital . the problem was that we were in the middle of nowhere and had to drive to the next town .
going on a hiking trip in this area will be a blast what is all that smoke from ? the water is so hot it is boiling the mud we found this old bridge to cross the treacherous and at the other side of the bridge we see these great statues !
they arrived the night before . lots of people camped out on the sidewalk . they set up tents to get out of the rain . there would stay there all night if they had too . everyone made friends .
went to the day of the cow country fair . lots of foods and wonderful things to eat . saw a rodeo . met some new cows . woh , this is made of cheese and i want to eat it all .
we went to saw many exotic flowers and gardens today . this flower looks like it has fingers ! this yellow flowers are petite and cute . the yellow is very mellow . the lily pads just floated in the water . it is cool how they stay at the top of the water . believe in or not this is a chocolate tree . unfortunately , it is not edible ! this was my favorite one . the grass grew in the middle of the flower . how cool is that ?
the graveyard made him a little uneasy , but he edged forward , camera ready . as he stood in front of a stone , he remembered a story someone had told him about this place . the person had said that many people saw ghosts out here . he peered at the next stone . he could n't even read it . this one was clearer . he shivered . some of the people here had died so long ago . he could really imagine the owner of this stone as a ghost . he felt less jumpy when he saw the next gravestone . it was clean and the words were crisp . the man had died in 1997 and that did n't seem so scary .
she wore flowers in her hair . her two nieces served as flower girls . she was very happy to have gotten married . her family was too poor to afford much of a wedding . but the couple did n't care because they were in love .
the irish parade was covered in green . there was even a unicyclist . even the dogs were dressed in green . the whole town came out for the festivities . there was an irish rock band performing as well .
shopping in location is an experience everybody should have at least once . i still remember my first time . it was packed wall to wall with excited shoppers and wary sellers . i still do n't even know what these are , but i wanted to buy all of them . i picked up some books that i still do n't know how to read . i really should get on that soon ! in the end the only language that mattered was the language of food ! it is abundant and delicious . you wo n't find these at organization . believe me , i 've looked !
this man was making a spear using traditional methods . this woman was about to weave a basket out of reeds . this is what her basket is going to look like when she finishes . the locals grabbed all of the visitors and asked them to dance with them . this man is crafting some jewelry out of animal bones .
the table of food was a pleasure to see ! our food is both nutritious and beautiful ! the work of art that was our chicken was especially tasty ! we love greens as they taste great and are healthy ! the fruit was a colorful display that tantalized our palette .
the climber could n't believe his luck as he reached the first crest and was met with a dark blue sky contracted against white clouds . oh one side of him was a crystal clear lake . on another a small farm just waking up . on his way back down the cliff side he could see his village off in the distance . he was ready to be home . he then said goodbye to the mountain . a least for now .
look how much candy i have mom ! i have all this candy from tonight . i 'm going to organize it as much as possible . wait , there 's no point . i 'm just going to eat it all by myself anyways .
i was out in the street early last night because i wanted a good spot to watch the parade from . as night fell the parade began . it was full of lion and dragon dancers . some people were carrying some very heavy things in the parade . there were many performers that made up the parade . some of the floats that went by were huge .
today is the big day that we all been waiting for our whole life . we are all getting our degree in screen arts . she is rehearsing her lines to make sure their perfect . he is so excited for today . we are all prepared to walk the stage so we can start a new journey in our life .
today , the whole school came together for a school performance . the stage was beautifully decorated for this performance . one of the classes sang a song . other students had artwork displayed . afterwards , the students enjoyed some snacks .
everyone decided to throw a paint party . first they drew doodles on the walls . then they painted them in . after that they hung up decorations to go with the paintings . at the end of the day , everyone was ready for a break .
got to enjoy a organization football game with extras . here is the band , they are huge and very good at what they do . these were the singers who sang during the band performance . lovely , they spelled out organization ! got to see the world 's largest drum too .
the coach giving a great before game pep talk . patrick threw the ball , they are fumbling for it . john trying to make an air play . poor steve they are ganging up on him . run jack run and he makes it .
this was an old photo of the courthouse int eh 1950s . the were delivering some very important artwork . they were getting the lighting ready to be hung also . the building looks exactly the same today . this is a shot from across the street .
sailors gather at a church to honor a fallen comrade . the funeral service was held inside the church . the father of the fallen sailor gave and an eulogy . there was a moment of silence to honor the sailor . the service let out and everyone was fighting back tears .
this was a pretty cool ride with a dragon alongside . the magic carpet rides returns with this cool car . uh oh . he comes jefar to rain on the parade . this one was the great snow white . lastly here comes the great relationship . [male] and minney mouse .
[male] and [female] were ready for the march . they had stayed in a nice hotel . the next day there were many people gathered . they all wanted a change . the guards tried to their best to protect the crowds and keep the peace .
i was lost and about to be late to work . i drove around as fast as i could until i found the school . at one point i went in the wrong direction and was outside of the city . fortunately i finally found the school and made it to class just in time . i quickly started the lesson .
the bride poses for the camera . the bride and groom walk the stairway . they enjoy the fresh air outside . the groom is next to the groomsman . lastly , we took photos with the groom .
at the family gathering , some yard maintenance needs to get done . the family sits at the table inside to eat together . the dinner is steak , potatoes and a side dish . after dinner is story time and the kids listen closely . a nap is necessary after a long day .
welcome to the voodoo lounge ! enter it 's mysterious halls ! and see it 's draped furniture ! pass through the skeleton gate ! we hope you enjoy your stay .
everyone piled into the driveway for some summer fun . the little dog was there to greet people as they came in . the little boy was excited for all the new faces . they had fun swimming in the pool in the backyard . they also took a hike and captured some of the local scenery . it was quite a fun day .
our school went on a tour of a botanical garden . it had a few nice water features like this one . mostly though , it had lots of pretty flowers . i loved this colorful rose . my favorite thing was the location pond . such beautiful fish !
the family packed their luggage to take a vacation . dad was driving and everyone was loaded in the car ready to go . they stopped to check out a truck for sale and their son took a photo by it . off to the vacation they go as they fly away on a 747 airplane . now it is time to sleep . everyone is in the bed and ready to call it a night .
on a tour of an rv manufacturer . here this guy is making the final touches to the front end of this large motorhome . this worker is giving the tour of the inside . he points to some areas that were quality control checked for defects . here is a view from the front of the coach facing the back . it is very spacious . here 's another photo of the entire motorhome showing the open undercarriage compartment space . this guy was taping up the windows to make some final touches to the decals on the side of the motorhome .
it was a snowy day . we had trouble driving because of the snow . but it looked beautiful upon the trees . and the birds even loved the snow it is a beautiful snow day .
one of three signs showing where the battle was fought . here 's another one . it 's creepy out here even for it being daylight . [female] have to come ghost hunting out here some night . another sign that gives more detail about the battle . just waiting for something to come up out of the water .
the community came out to support the prostate cancer awareness . the fund raising marathon has not started yet . the people gathered under the tent because it started to rain . the rain has caused the water to rise in the lake . the food prepared for the community consisted of bacon and pancakes .
mrs. [female] was telling them all how proud she was of them . it was honors night for the 8th grade . most of the kids were from underprivileged homes . [female] had done exceedingly well . especially considering she was from a foster home and had been in many .
the new year was fast approaching and , in preparation , the house was fully decorated . before the countdown began , a few party goers milled about , eager for the festivities to get underway . as soon as the countdown began many attendees began to honk horns and make a huge commotion out of excitement . many almost made silly faces to the camera or hugged each other , rapt up in the joy of a new year . when the clock struck midnight , everyone started shouting , dancing , and even singing .
today i decided to leave the house and go to the farmer 's market . lots of fresh fruit and vegetables to choose from . i wanted to make a very colorful meal and these turnips looked nice . but i did n't have any meat protein for my dish . the meal turned out great and i was very proud of myself .
we went to check out a local fireworks show this past weekend . this first explosion was pretty generic . this explosion was a bit cooler . it looks like waves of electricity . this blue one reminds me of one of those plasma ball lamps that you can touch . this red one was pretty similar to the blue one but was a little brighter . the show ended with an exciting array of multiple explosions . the show was n't spectacular , but we could n't complain because the show was free .
the chateau we stayed at for our vacation was beautiful . it was surrounded by a moat we had to boat across . one night we visited a local pub for dinner and drinks . the next morning for breakfast we sat on the balcony of the chateau and admired the view . it started raining so we stayed inside all day and relaxed on the couches .
my music buddies and i are having a jam session . [male] plays a sassy sax . jen rips the accordion licks . i love guitar and am working the chords . [male] really gets into the keyboards and keeps the music tempo .
from the entrance , the decorations told us we were having a traditional japanese meal . the low tables had all sorts of delicious food our hosts had prepared . but that was just the beginning , we saw as we walked towards a larger table with a fest spread upon it . soon we 'd consumed everything -- it was all so tasty , and interesting , too . we took a moment before we left to take a closer look at the art on the walls , and found the meaning for our hosts ; i guess it 's rude to ask to come back right away !
[male] knew that this was a crucial game . it would be a hard-fought battle between two contenders . he set the pace with his fast style of play . he used limber , quick moves to outduel his opponents . in the end , [male] scored the winning goal .
our first stop at the local carnival was the face painting booth . once mine was done , mom got one , too and then we stood and watched my daughter get hers done . she picked a really cute face and we hardly recognized her afterwards . next we looked at crafts while the kids were entertained by the balloon lady . the balloon lady was face painted as a clown and the kids loved her .
this group went out beer tasting and this guy asked to have his photo taken next to this tall stranger . it 's either christmastime or that individual behind the girl in the yellow shirt just likes to wear her location hat year-long . the group just chilling enjoying their micro-brews . photo of this guy 's reaction when asked if he would like to take the chrysanthemums home with him . and of course the group jester had to take a final photo with another stranger . just look at the nitted beanie .
[male] statues freaked him out . [female] even more so . he just did n't get it . in his mind it was like having an imaginary friend . and building enormous buildings , spending tons of money for it .
my trip to the city today was fun . i found a really cool area to look around in . i found a man walking . he talked to me for many hours about a magical fruit place in the city but could n't tell me where it was . i ventured out to find this magical fruit . i walked for miles . i finally found a place and bought one of each fruit and veggie . i bit them all . nothing happened . i am still looking for the magical fruit stand .
my sister [female] is good at many things , but cooking is not one of them . we took a bunch of pictures at her latest party to show that . at first , everyone was happy and chatting . people were all smiles . then , they got their first taste of [female] 's famous tarts . the faces were incredible . it was lucky there was a glass of juice handy , or her guest might have thrown up .
today we had a meeting for a new movie about astronauts . a lot of people came . the movie is a documentary . the director of the movie came of course . it was a great time .
we moved offices earlier this week . so much work to do . here are some of the most used tools . wires , wires , everywhere . i sure do like the view though . putting together bookshelves is always a good time .
the city was vast . [male] wondered how he would like this new city . he found a pretty house in a nice neighborhood . in winter it looked like a postcard . [male] discovered a river he thought he could fish in . [male] found a swing large enough for an adult . after several months living in his new city [male] knew he loved this place .
the kids were excited for their beach trip , even though it was winter and they had to wear lots of layers and could n't go in the cold water . they still had fun , though . they wrote their names and the date in the sand , and who knows , maybe the waves will spare them and the memory of them being there will live on forever . they also had a great time jumping off the cliffs , and watching the waves roll in from the ocean . even though they could n't swim , they still had an awesome beach trip .
the wedding day was a success . the bride looked beautiful . they were both so very happy together . the flower colors looked just perfect with her dress . they make a cute couple .
the pumpkins were perfectly carved for halloween . dracula was put in front of the house to scare trick or treaters . we went in search of free candy but mom did n't want to wear a costume . the pumpkins looked really scary with lights inside of them . [male] came dressed as the grim reaper .
the dean spoke to the graduates . they were so excited to get their dipolmas ! the graduates flipped their tassles over once they crossed the stage . the family members were so proud ! it was an exciting day for everyone involved .
the man and the woman are sitting at the table . the people are drinking and eating food . the pastries are dusted with sugar . the man and the woman are outside of a building . the man and woman pose for a photo .
me showing you guys how to play a game here i am showing you how to dress my characters . now i am showing you my super powers . now i am in battle with the enemy . my world that shows my house .
i went on vacation last year . the place was right by the water . it was very beautiful . there were many rocks around . i took a few boat rides out on the ocean .
this couple played at the bar recently . the sounded so well together . the female singer had an angelic voice . she not only played the guitar , but then she got behind the keyboard . she rocked a solo . such a great show .
its graduation day and the dean is speaking . i had a fancy mortar board . i did it , i graduated ! i was so happy . and so were my parents .
it was time to go to the anti-president parade . there was just so much hate around . look at this horrible bush poster . even this little girl was embarassed . people were just confused at what to do .
i wanted to visit the country side for the weekend . it was so pretty and full of nature . the flowers were in full bloom . this is the house we stayed in and tucked away with nature . they even had a pond to go swimming in .
the band was performing tonight . they were in sync today and the crowd was loving it . the leader singer was singing with all her heart . she even played the keyboards . she had her own solo as well .
a boy is singled out in the photo of his class . he had two brothers that were younger than he was . as he grew he got more handsome . he posed for a portrait on his wedding day . finally at his wedding he poses with his mom and aunt .
[female] was taking some budoir photos for her boyfriend . he was fighting oversees and she wanted to look her best . she enjoyed posing and smiling for the camera . she knew the photos would get passed around the barracks , but as long as he was happy she did n't care . she just wanted him to remember her while he was gone .
so we had a nurse and a ghoul show up at the party . and an alien and 60 's chick . this guy was just lazy . but her costume is good . and there was this cross between leatherface and [male] blart . and some ball player with a pixie .
everyone at the conference was very well dressed . the place was filled with cupcakes of all varieties . we finished our conference at luigi 's pizzas . [male] won a black football at the trivia game . my buds and i have known each other for 5 years .
my uncle [male] made us go to the organization game saturday . he went to organization and he thinks they are great ... no matter what else anyone thinks . we all had to sit in the bleachers and wear some ridiculous brown coats . the game was good . but none of us except him are organization fans . he really thought it was a big deal to hit the world 's largest drum . poor guy .
[female] and [male] had to travel through the rain . after a long journey , they asked a man for directions to the bike store . along the way , we took a photo of a nice bike . the journey seemed to be a puzzle because we kept getting lost . however , through the struggle and rain , we found the perfect bike to buy .
papa [male] sat around puffing on a cigar and drinking a can of beer . the guys waited outside for it to get dark . it was time for a bonfire . it was chilly that evening , great weather to be wrapped in a cozy blanket . such a late night made everyone rather sleepy .
li and her father walking down the isle.i wish she would have looked up , could n't get a good shot . the whole wedding party on the stairs getting photos taken together.i ca n't wait to see the album after we come back from the honeymoon . mr. an mrs. [male] chang walking into the reception.they look so happy together . beautiful table settings during the reception . real fancy and very classy . li 's brothers , her new husband , and her husband [male] 's brothers to the right .
the halloween party was a success the guys had a great time talking and dressing up with each other . the boys had all kinds of costumes and fun times overall .
today our class went to the cemetery to explore . as soon as you get close enough to the headstones you can tell the different shapes and ages . we came across this headstone of [male] who died in the 1550 's . we imagined [female] was [male] 's wife who died after him in the 1560 's . we noticed that this headstone was different than the prior 2 . it was not as old .
the senator was invited to a military meal and demonstration . he ordered a healthy meal and was ready to discuss the military matters . during the meal , the senator listened about the advanced military hardware they had prepared to show him . at the demonstration , military personnel ask the senator to look carefully as the demonstration took place . afterwards , the senator was impressed with the new hardware and thanked the men for showing him .
[female] has to give a speech today . she is very nervous so she asks [male] some questions . [female] gets up first to prep the audience . after [female] 's speech , [male] gets up to give his own . now it is [female] 's turn to present her findings as well .
the audience watches closely as the baseball game begins . the team poses for pictures the lucky fans . some fans even get to pitch a baseball . the catcher and the pitcher discuss game plans . the pitcher walks to the dugout for a short break .
my relatives were waiting for my visit at their beautiful villa . i walked up the steps and saw them waiting for me by the door . i enjoyed seeing their beautiful garden . the bushes were neatly trimmed and well taken care of . the neighborhood was surrounded by trees .
the beach was a lot of fun . there was a marathon event going on . i met some of the runners . they were very nice . there were many people watching . afterward there was a big parade . i had a great time there .
the man was holding up a sign and others were too . they were protesting while a guy was yelling and others had loudspeakers .
we waited as the theatre filled . the first speaker was the vice president of the company . the keynote speaker was a developer of an important software we are using . they served food during the event . after the speeches we spent time socializing , then went home .
[male] joined a bike race on halloween . [male] wore his werewolf mask and was ready to race . the race and [male] was off to a fast start . there were people cheering on the racers as they went by . [male] did n't win the race and ended up finishing third .
in the background is a beautiful castle . a historical statue is in place to view . seeing a view of the street . on the water is a boat sailing . a band is playing music together .
the dance excel club at organization organization . the pirate club . taking fun pictures in pirate costumes . kappa delta phi fraternity ready for new members . trying on a huge balloon animal hat .
they stayed up late watching television . [male] was exhausted . [male] could n't remember being so tired . [male] was just glad exams were finally over . [female] slept on the sofa .
the group of people were excited for their first family reunion . traveling all the way from location , the adams family were extremely delightful to visit . [female] and [female] found it hard to believe that their grandchildren were growing up . the smith 's family proposed the idea of the reunion and requested to meet up in their hometown . even the [male] family were excited to find out the news .
the city had old charm architecture . the water flowed slowly between the trees . the old walkway was loosely planted on the ground . the plants stuck out from the water . the water became swampy .
halloween night . out with friends . downtown is crowded . rubbing shoulders with everyone . met this great couple . they 're getting a little bit too friendly .
i fix old bikes for a living . i specialize in special editions . this brand is one of my favorites . the seat is perfectly contoured . and the gears are well made .
this place is having their winter season . the car near the house was covered with snow . even the roads , the cars on the roads , the trees were also covered with snow . the two kids were enjoying the snow and making snowman . the place was surrounded with snow no people around because it was cold outside .
a young couple exchanging vows surrounded by friends and family . after the ceremony a picture of the happy couple . lovely picture of the bride with the best man . the happy groom having a glass of bubbly . the groom flanked by two of the ushers .
the orchestra started playing the wedding march . [female] 's parents took their seat at the front of the church . [female] and [male] were so happy during the ceremony . after the ceremony they partied at the reception . towards the end of the evening , [female] could n't wait to go to the hotel room .
the boardwalk had n't had a customer in weeks . the carousel was deserted . they enlisted the help of the cameras to find the people . they went to the local mall to drum up business . ultimately they discovered that everyone was trapped in the maze .
they opened the ceremony with a very strong thesis presentation . it was presented on natural gas and its contribution to the power community . following the ceremony , they gathered outside . along with their entire family and took a photo ... then they went inside and watched the rest of the ceremony .
i just bought a new bike for my bicycle collection . this bike is really old and expensive . this one is a rare edition . everything still works . there is some slight wear but i 'm going to fix it up a little .
i love anything small and fuzzy . the baby duckling is in my hand . i 'm just about ready to get the chickens outdoors . my garden is a fun spot for the chickens . who says you ca n't catch and hold a chicken !
[female] got to graduate from college . the rest of her life was ahead of her . no more staying in her favorite college town . she will miss the streets when they glowed in the morning . the sun will surely follow her for the rest of her journey .
my dad got a whole head tattoo . now he looks good with my mom who also tattooed her whole head blue . they went to the uso nostalgia bar to celebrate . misery and death showed up to spoil the party . soon everybody began to leave .
we took a look at the beach in the night air . we were to excited to wait till morning to see the beach ! we got to our hotel late , it was beautiful . ca n't wait to hit the beach tomorrow . waking up to smell of the ocean air and sounds of the waves , is something we will never forget . we posted this pic on fb and all our friends liked it . we are definitely coming back here again !
[female] and [female] met [male] for an event at a restaurant downtown . the restaurant was inviting . [male] , himself , passed around appetizers , and there were wonderful cheese plates to sample . [female] and organization declined wearing the hats , though .
a group of friends and family gather for a christmas party . two of the children sneak and eat some cheese balls . one couple sits down to feed their twins . the group gathers in the kitchen to talk and enjoy refreshments . they all sit down to watch the christmas parade on the television .
these people came to go on a tour of the city . here is a church . the door of the church is very old . after the church , they went for lunch and found this hot dog . after lunch , they went on a tour and saw people making some food in a pot . as night falls , they go out on the water to see the lights of the city .
the family went to a women 's football game . the opposing team looked intimidating ! uh oh . the coach is getting on somebody ! they wondered what the opposing team was discussing . they look serious . this is it girls ! win ! win ! win !
a bunch of people gather in a room . two people are conversing . a bunch of people are talking . people are sitting at the table . this is a picture of sweets .
there were alot of toys to choose from . some were games and some were action figures . my granson really liked this one . we bought this one . we also bought this one .
a girl went to visit this building . it was a really nice architecturally styled building . she particularly found the pillars very interesting . it even had a nice garden . there was even a garden for her to try some of the herbs .
i missed my cruise ship and got stranded so i rented a house for a week it had a gawdy tree on the porch there were lots of cyclists around the town square was cool
the game is timeless and it is necessary to pass the tradition to the youth . they were excited for the first pitch of the day to begin . the umpire carefully studies the outcome to make the proper call . with great victory comes sweet glory . the demonstration captivated the crowd .
this was the wedding chapel for today 's wedding . first , we all went out on a house boat . we mingled with all the other guests . i helped pick out the cake for the day , and it was really exciting to see it . here i am with the bride during the reception . today was great .
we had a family reunion at a botanical garden . most of the flowers were in full bloom . i experimented with different focuses . i am not sure if i like or dislike this one . the boys ended up liking climbing the trees better than looking at the flowers !
the party had some unique characters . the ladies had a great time . so did the office worker clown . the party was really fun . we did the robot dance .
the awards have arrived for the ceremony . the audience listened while the speaker gave a speech . one by one they accepted their awards . they were so excited for the honor . after that they got together to take a group photo .
lots of family members came from far and wide to attend the reunion . the entire family has not seen each other in many years . brothers and sisters who do n't always see each other very often were reunited . the two oldest surviving sisters were ecstatic to see each other . many younger members of the family also came to the reunion .
a couple was married on this day . friends of the couple enjoy the celebration of the event . an older gentleman dances with his wife . the wedding couple enjoy a ride on the crowd . lastly , the family of the couple take a moment to pose for the camera .
hu had a party at his parents ' house the other night . there was tons of food , and his mom was anxious that everybody enjoy themselves . everyone had a good time talking and laughing . then , hu 's brother brought out a birthday cake for hu . he lit the candles while people cheered . then everybody dug into the delicious-looking cake .
i had a lot to drink at the party last night . there were a lot of people there . i took pictures with all of them . after a few hours i was feeling really tired and sat down . i think i may have had too much to drink .
dan wanted to take his daughter to the desert she had such a fun time going down the hills dan took lots and lots pictures he was loving the scenery around and they headed back home
so we had an awesome opportunity presented to us . we got to camp out right inside location location . few have ever had this honor bestowed on them . yet we won a contest and got to experience it . truly it is the city that never sleeps .
on the night of the party everyone was so excited to see each other . a few of the guys broke out the guitar and started to play some tunes . my friend [male] got a photo standing next to his favorite character darth vader . for most of the night we decided to play retro video games . the gun i used while playing the nintendo game dunk hunt .
going to an interesting asian themed wedding . thankfully [female] translated what was being said . seeing different cultures in action . our best friends , [male] and [female] enjoying the reception . the wedding photos turned out great .
look at this majestic hotel we 're staying at ... pretty impressive . before dinner , we decide to go into town to do some shopping . we found a great trinket shop and bought some souvenirs to bring home . the city buildings are all lit up at night . we really enjoyed our stroll before dinner . the restaurant was amazing ! look at the decor . the food was really fantastic too .
the raod trip would n't last much longer and we would soon be at the festival/ they had local artist from all over exhibit their trades . we stood watching them craft for a while . the crowds began to grown in wonder at what they were making . at the end of the night many people became friends because of the festival crafters .
my first day as a dj at a radio station . that 's me in the yellow . that 's a cutout of me at the mic . everyone in the booth was crazy . we all talked so loud trying to be heard over the next guy . it was so unorganized but i got a rush from it ! [male] my station manager hugged my cutout and said he wanted to take it home . i thought it was odd but i let him .
class was very fun today . we spent a lot of time learning . afterward we had an opportunity to play games outside . it was a lot of fun . after that we all went back home .
it was a great day to be outdoors . a nice quiet stream . the road led them so many places . a fantastic bridge . such a quaint area .
[male] was going to give a speech today . he steps up to the podium and starts to talk . he is getting his point across about politics . the crowd is cheering him on as he delivers an inspirational speech . after the speech a few people stop and take a picture with him .
maddie wanted to go to the local dog park on halloween . one dog did n't have much of a costume . i laughed when i saw a dog dressed as a pumpkin . some people treat their dogs like royalty . other owners treat their dogs like prisoners .
i found this magazine on gundam type collectibles at a thrift store . here is some of the terrific detail of some of the robots that it 'd be really cool to find . i like how the magazine went with different colors for different pages instead of just showing the same thing over and over again . the magazine also had some fold out posters that you could add of cartoon versions of the robots . i think i 'll probably give this one to my nephew to hang up .
the stadium was packed with people on the day of the game . son and father alike , watched the players triumph over the other team . they went all day , vying for the win . after the game , they got to run down onto the field , and see the place through the player 's eyes . they both had a great time , and were glad they came .
when i was in elementary school , we had a day called field day . on field day , all the kids in school would dress up in their favorite colors and compete against eachother . we would race , jump , dribble , and climb . sometimes we would do this in the gym . the most important thing with these silly games was to have fun .
while working i enjoy having sunlight coming through the windows . on my monitor i am working on the cast for a script . my coworker sometimes sits around and stares blankly at the wall . i love this location shown on my computer . what a great building . my coworker and i do n't agree on the building .
the bar was rented out for [male] and [female] 's anniversary party . the bar wasted no expense to make the party feel special . the table was set to make sure all party favors were available . [male] enjoyed the party with her friends . [male] was happy hanging with his friends . everyone had a memorable time .
our band was playing our first sold out show and we managed to get the venue packed to the wall . [male] has been trying to experiment with some new guitar riffs for a bigger sound . we played on a platform that the audience could walk under . we always try to bring as much passion as we can to our music to make it worth our fan 's while . the lighting effects we could get at this bar were incredible .
the bazzar was filled with many unique items . because of the rain , few people came out . as the rain cleared it began to get crowded . [male] found a unique stall . the owner was a crochety old lady .
we visited a very special cemetery today . there were many old headstones . there were some very unique headstones . there were a lot of service members buried there . there were some headstones with statues on them .
[male] was a high school counselor . he was the favorite one of the students he encountered . because he was always there to help . he even took time to go to the computer room regularly to get in touch with the students . when he retired , they all gave him a party because they truly loved him as a person .
one of the big events of the college year is the organization organization at the big frat . i was there ready to defend my title . however , i got beaten right away by edwardo . i had a great time anyway . there was a huge crowd . some of these kids did n't really look old enough to drink to me , though ! i loved the cloud projections on the wall . when you are intoxicated , they are something else to see .
tensions where high even before the meeting between the two groups began . i was close enough to hear their breathing as the two parties began exchanging words with one another . after meeting with enemy forces a location general and diplomats discuss what they had learned from the meeting . the diplomats flight commander looked on as the crowd began to clear the room . just as things were winding down the two sides presented one another with a peace treaty .
today was the day . out big sightseeing trip . it was dangerous . there were waterfalls . and a super cool bridge .
the guitars were setup before the start of the concert . the band started the gig with a rhythmic groove . followed by a more laid back keyboard solo . and [female] amazed the crowd with her accordion skills . and jazzed up the crowd enthusiasm with her tambourines .
i hopped in my bus last thursday to being work . there was a field trip today so i had to work extra . i took the bus across the bridge and we all went the pier . everybody had a good time there . the water was so bright and we could see the city in the distance .
we had really thought that anti-war rallies were a think of the past . but [female] and stan wanted us to go and see that they are still going on today . sure enough , there were anti-war signs , chants , it had a real 60s feel to it . people seem to be fed up with the whole drone `` robitic killing machine '' thing . but like everything else , all things end . and an hour after the protests , you could n't even tell anything had happened there .
it sat perched atop a tree . it was a hunter . a mighty hunter , from the sky . it would swoop down for its prey . then carry it away to be eaten .
fans were there to meet some of the creepiest horror actors of all time they asked the hard questions to the cast even freddy got in on the action this guy was dressed as a scary monster and here this guy was about to cut someone to pieces
our day at the zoo was fantastic fun1 the flamingos were lined up like sentries . the giraffes ignored us as we walked by . there were beautiful blue birds . some birds had extraordinary head feathers !
the car show was awesome . we had a bbq while we waited for everyone to get there . my car was the favorite amongst those who gathered . we spent the whole day comparing engines and cars in general . it was the most fun i 've had in months .
everyone came out for the art display there were so many different exhibits we were given a tour by the woman in charge her favorite were these collection of prints we all then had our picture taken outside as we stared at the beauty
i went to the nature sanctuary to see wildlife . i saw a bald eagle perched at the top of the tree . nearby , a male deer sat on the ground observing what was going on around him . the canyon in the park was absolutely gorgeous . finally , i saw a helicopter leaving on a search-and-rescue mission from the park .
it was the fourth of july . time for lots of fireworks and fun . there was lots of ooooo 's and ahhhh 's . my family and i love watching the fireworks each and every year . the finale is always the best , except it means it 's almost over .
today we had a party at work . my friend made a robot to serve us and entertain us . we then played games with the robot . the games was fun , but brutal . the other robot was sad that he lost . oh well .
so , we arrived at the party , fashionably late of course . late , but hot was our aesthetic . we met up with some friends and of course , we commenced drinking . the whole gang was there and of course the orange wig made an appearance . i love costume parties with my friends .
this was a war memorial it was dedicated to fallen soldiers many fallen were honored here and many guns were on display it 's a great place to visit and pay tribute
aunt [female] got married today ! here 's the cake . for some reason , she wanted to get married in location . here 's [female] in here dress . ( she wanted a more gothic approach ) and uncle [male] did the preaching . after that , [female] and her new husband enjoyed some german beer .
the event was held in the meeting chambers at the organization organization organization building . it began with the color guard , the pledge of allegiance and the invocation . opening remarks were made by the head of the organization organization organization organization . an expert panel was on hand and each took turns addressing the audiences questions . it was standing room only and everyone enjoyed the presentation .
we watched the fireworks they were so pretty . we went on a hike then on the mountain . it was challenging but fun . we saw a shooting star the next day . we also got to see historical sites . it was cool . at the end of the night we saw a wonderful sunset . we were all happy .
today i was excited to leave work . there was a lot going on , even a parsde . lots of people dressed up for it . it was so much fun . i really enjoyed the harrah'a float
this is what all men want during a bit of relaxation for father 's day . this is the very reason why my husband wanted to come here for dinner . i thought it was very nice of the waitress to write this on the blackboard at above our table . i was waiting to see what the menu specials are . happy father 's day to all the awesome dad 's out there .
had a great going away party . yes , we will miss you ! your tribe will be here when you get back . it 's not a party until the fritos and organization show up ! the whole gang was here .
i went to the christmas party last year . everyone was having a great time . i got to dance with a lot of the people at the center . they were all very nice . i made some new friends .
i enjoyed looking at the blue lake . i sat down in a gazebo watching the lake and enjoying the tranquility . there is a grand church near the lake . a dam is located not too far away from the lake and the church . the occupants of the castle-looking house are fortunate to live near the blue lake .
the family gathered together for quality time . the children enjoyed out door activities . the adults like to gather and watch the children adults would reminisce over past times . they enjoyed making new memories .
i spent the weekend at the pier . it was such a great day and the weather was perfect . i saw a lot of the sights and sounds . the boardwalk was great and had a great trail . the water looked so serine .
dancing was nice to see at the end of the night . the lovers came together and enjoyed being near . the brides maids started to get on the dance floor , and showed everyone how to move . the camera man saved memories all night .
[female] sees the luncheon destination that she and her friends are looking for . they have entered and are being shown to the dining area . she knows that she is not in the location as she sees a man lighting a cigarette inside a building . people know each other so conversations are not restricted to only the people at your table . [female] loves the casual camaraderie and talks with people all over the room . it was a lunch with some excellent conversation .
while at the art gallery viewing we saw some great work . during our time viewing the art we drank a little wine . my friends were amazed at the art and how great it looked . my husband was there enjoying his night after work . we ended up drinking a little too much wine but it was a fun night .
it was a bit of a walk . to get to the old graveyard . but the family had come to see a few graves . the graves of old family members . they managed to find a few despite how old they were .
the ancient ruins loomed overhead as we made our way through them . they are an awesome sight to behold . my girlfriend had a great time here . i did as well , roaming around these old structures . she even climbed up on a few and enjoyed the view .
workers carefully move the box . workers examine the contents any potential damage in shipping . they find all in order , they will prepare this for the display shortly . the director and her helper prepared to opening the jurassic park museum . the big yellow dinosaur is a great draw to get visitors to the museum .
it 's amazing looking at the water standing in your favorite location watching boats race or slowly chug by but it is amazing the strength of the cables and structures of the bridges over the water
we took a stroll to see the fall tree colors . here 's a fallen leaf . the trail was really quite beautiful . here we are farther up along it towards the old cabin in the woods . we made it to the dark cabin and stayed inside for the night .
adding the last touches of makeup before the ceremony . the bridesmaid and the groomsman are walking down the isle . now the blushing bride is being walked down the isle . the ceremony is in full swing . let the celebration of the marriage begin !
i am annie these are my sisters sara and tina both of the act goofie sometimes but i love them these are pitures of the rest of my family well we are off to the park .
when i went out for a walk this morning i was taken aback by just how beautiful the snow was . we get snow back home , but nothing like how this snow just seems to go on forever . i was happy to see others out enjoying the snow . the roadway was so nicely cleared . and you could n't beat watching the sunrise in such a place .
a snow storm arrived . the cars on the street had snow on them . the tree outside was covered with snow there were birds on the trees . the kids could not play in there swing set .
we started the holidays by settig up a tiny christmas tree . the streets where calm outside . everyone was celebrating the holidays . i went for an afternoon walk to my favorite spot before heading home . the family sat together and celebrated christmas . the night came to an end and everyone slowly went home .
i recently traveled abroad to do some shopping , and i started in a quaint shop with purses , hats , and other items . at the next shop i saw wooden cars displayed in a bowl . i am a doll lover , so i had to stop and browse at the shop with many dolls . next i went to a store where a boy was selling hats with his parents . at my last stop i shopped at a store with many unique clothing items .
after finals , we all got together for a party . of course , [male] and [female] made out most of the night . but most of us mingled and partied . and watched [male] and [female] make out . except [male] , who drank the night away .
these were some shots i took at the festival last weekend . the views from the top were getting better as you got high . wow what a site . it looked so beautiful . this was the shack with slept in . it got a little wet . the dark time got a little scary .
they group came out that cold morning for a protest . they brought their banners that they made . the each took turns with the megaphone to air their grievances . then they all lined up with their signs . they were proud that they stood there all day for a cause they believed in .
help ! i 'm falling ! do n't worry . i gotchu . o wait ... are we just diving into the water now ? i guess it 's my turn ! crap ! the road ends here ! noooooo . i 'm falling !
this is my family of thugs . today we are having a party to teach the young ones in the family our traditions when they grow up the kids will take over the family business of selling seagull tears . the family likes to keep all the business inside house . we will like to one see a report about our family business in the news . that would be awesome .
the school buses take the kids on a trip through the city . looking out over the river can be a calming experience . speaking of calming , one can gaze out upon the river and see the city . wall street is where the magic happens ... and the lying , cheating , and stealing . location location , a great city .
it is halloween again , that is not an escaped medical patient . we are having a party , and everyone has arrived . check out all the cool costumes . we decided to take the party outside since it is so nice . some of our costumes are really amazing today .
girls getting ready for a game against the other team other group getting ready also the coach getting ready also for a foot ball game the girls do n't look too happy the two team lining up getting ready for the game
we had a great view of location location location from our hotel room . we took a picture of our daughter with the park . later at the game we took a family picture . i then took a panorama picture inside . the organization ended up winning the game .
the family has all came together on this hot sunny day . the boys are enjoying their self in the pool . this was a good day to be in the pool . the older folks are on the side enjoying the weather and kids playing in the pool . it still have n't cool off and older folks are soon going inside to the air conditioner . every one enjoyed the day though .
the hockey players are lined up ready to play after the anthem . spectators and fans are cheering for their teams . people are happy when their team scores big . [male] he release the balloon light inside or outside . the light coming through the trees looks inviting .
a woman uses a pay phone in town just for the fun of it . she comes across a spa and gets a pedicure while she reads . after her pedicure she decides to have some lunch . finally a stop at the local museum with some very creepy art work . this artist captures the essence of human beings well .
it was a beautiful day out on the lake . [male] decided to take his boat out . [male] brought along a couple of his frat buddies . stew wanted to go tubing . then [male] wanted to wake board .
today is read a book to a bear day at school . each student brought in a stuffed animal to read to . some students have small bears to read to . everyone then wrote a letter to their friend thanking them for visiting . our teachers bear name is [female] .
the group arrived and they were proud . they brought signs and were ready to protest . before it started , [male] requested that the protest be peaceful . and , his members obliged . they formed a line in front of the organization organization and let their presence be known .
our two boys were so excited to celebrate halloween and get candy . out older son decided to dress up as a doctor . our youngest son went as a firefighter , the same job as his dad . we played games with cut out pumpkin boards . after that we departed to go get some candy .
[male] leading a talk on retail research . he went on and on about something most people were n't interested in . it seems that even he was falling asleep during the talk . he woke up to finish the talk strong . [male] was happy to be done giving the retail speech .
i visited my parents in location this week . the weather was cold and snowy . we took the dog out for a walk but needed to get away from the road . we started to wander through the words worried that the dog would get cold . the dog loved the snow and laid right down and it .
walking in an adult only store . tintin and captain haddock with their astronaut gear walking in the moon . huge floating statue in the sidewalk . on my way back home saw the cutes couple walking hand in hand . a cute yorkie on the side of the road .
today i got to see a bird fly . the bird first landed right by me . then it took off soaring in the air again . it spread it large wings and flew away . i finallly saw it land close to its home
signing up for a car race shopping getting ready for the race the cloud in the back ground watching the driver waiting stand by his car waiting to put on hellbent to get started there is a location about bud wise jacket
there were plenty of people at the festival last night . i had a great time watching the performers . there were so many of them . they all came by walking or on floats . we had a lot of brochures .
my club met for a fun camping trip . we had to do team-building exercises to build trust . carrying the tires was the hardest part . we got to play with the tires afterward . my team did a victory pose and went to eat fish after .
graduation had finally arrived . all three friends were graduating the same day . he had worked hard for his diploma . his girlfriend had bought him flowers ! he thought he would take off for the summer and just relax for a little while .
we turned our house into a spool fest for halloween . we put green spotlights in our landscaping . a ghost greeted party guests . the frankenstien and bride were very realistic . we were the coolest house on the block !
the museum was my favorite part of the trip . when you enter it 's like another world . the attention to details ca n't be missed . the crowds started to build as the day went on . closer to closing time though they thinned out .
here is a mom and her daughter with their new family dog . the dog is a small cute fluffy white dog named jack . here is the rest of the family which includes a mom , dad sister and her brother . here is the mom posing for a candid family photo . and here is some the extended family . who have come over for a family get together .
[female] leaned against a column and surveyed the yard of her new house . the grounds were immaculately kept . the breezeway provided a much needed respite from the sun . [female] planted beautiful herbs and was able to have them anytime she wanted . she could not have been prouder of her new home .
we hired a professional photographer for the occasion . the girl laid on the blanket to read her book . she laid on the bench with her dog . the photographer used a black and white setting to capture this moment . lastly , the girl was very happy with the photos .
school was out for the summer . the children spent some time in the lake . later we went on drive to a nearby town . we passed on of the world 's oldest post office 's finally we reached the town . it was beautiful .
many people gathered around the reporters as they video taped the protest . as they stood there listening , tension could be felt in the air . everyone was putting their voice in . some held signs supporting the campaign finance reform . while others shouted in protest .
a quick view of our home shows our computer from the top . we are in the middle of eating our meal . this is my husband 's plate . this is our computer from the front . it looks like we need our wall patched up .
we woke up to find our entire neighborhood covered in snow . i never look forward to cleaning the snow off of the car . most of the roads were closed , so i decided that it would be more fun to spend the day enjoying the snow with the kids rather than clean the snow off of the car . the kids had so much fun building a snowman that my five year old ended up with snow in her hood . big sister is helping to clear the snow out . by the look on her face , i think she might have put it there in the first place ! by evening the roads were fairly clear . that means it 's back to work tomorrow .
the kids dream is to get a phd , this one is to reach their highest potential , this one wants to climb a rock wall . then this guy wants to master league of organization , and this guy simply does n't want to fail .
our trip to the city was wonderful . we watched ships passed everyday . the bridge was beautiful . we toured a historic light house . the sunset was lovely our last day here .
spending the day at the lake . look at that beautiful face ! i love my daughter . here we are together looking outside . look at that face . posing by the water on the beach .
the men were clearing the back of the store . the sellers were transporting their goods from one area to the other . the watermelons were juicy . the chicken was plentiful and juicy . the vegetables and herbs were fresh .
the mayor announcing the guest speaker . the streets were completely block . presentation of arms . the american legion playing drums . the girl scout walking in the parade .
i went to the festival today . there were a lot of people performing . the orchestra was very good . some of the musicians were very talented . i had a great time there .
it was a conference to celebrate the location team . the location team arrive in their jackets . these shirts were on display and available to purchase at the register . fans got their chance to talk among the members of the location team . the location team having conversations with the fans .
two boys pose for the camera like cool dudes . they are having a sleepover and are very excited . they camp out in the living room in front of the tv . they dress up with bags making them into clothing items . finally dad decides to give them piggy back rides .
it was game day here and we were all gearing up to have a good time . here we are in our box waiting on the game to start . at the end of the game they set off fireworks out side . we tried to get some good pics but the trees got in the way . here is another pic of the fireworks again . i sometimes wish i had a better camera . at the end our team won . here i am celebrating .
walking down the winding path , the couple stood hand in hand , eager to make their vows when they arrived at the bottom . the first order of business was to wash their hands inside a basin , which would show them purifying themselves for each other . afterwards the couple then read their own self written vows to each other . another part of the ceremony was to join hands with clay , showing that they would be bound together . after the ceremony began to walk back on the path , now husband and wife .
everyone had shown up to the wedding last thursday . the bride and groom were very happy that so many people could make it . after a few hours it was time to cut and serve the cake . the bride and groom had a great time taking a lot of pictures . there were lots of pictures taken that day .
fans show their support in the stands . dancers rally the fans . the band warms up the crowd . cheerleaders lead the fans in cheering . [female] pa is on the court .
food is being prepared for the party at the park . the food is being put on the park table . the children are quietly playing next to the table of food . the children like to play with the bubble machine . there are also blocks for the children to play with .
we decided to tour a historical cemetery . some of the headstones were beyond repair . the monuments were interesting to look at . some almost looked like buildings . it was an unusual experience .
everyone cooked out before the game . the soccer players lined up to be introduced . the fans cheered from the sideline . he got ready to take the shot . the game was very intense until the end .
hi , kids ! here 's the hotel we stayed at ! your father had a big nice breakfast ! and i sure did , as well ! i mean , look at the size of that omlet ! we decided to bring you back some cookies . see you soon !
went on vacation and found a great flea market . while on vacation we found much shopping in the way of flea markets . we had lunch at this pub to rest our feet after shopping . what a lovely b & b we are staying in , we found another pub close by an had this lovely dinner .
at the beginning of the graduation there was a flag ceremony . all of the students and family members were waiting in the crowd . the soldiers-to-be were sitting in the very front . one of the students gave a speech . finally we were all awarded medals .
my husband and i decided to make this halloween a special one . thats me starring as gozilla . our neighbours the organization joined us with their own idea of fun . thats the special one - my first born- who is also celebrating his first birthday . he is trying to get comfortable with his aunt - my elder sister . apparently he is more comfortable with his uncle - my sister 's husband . when my sister is into this , can my kid brother be far behind ? that 's him with his fiance in tow for added measure .
the kindergarten class gathers to celebrate graduation . as their names are called , each student goes up to receive a diploma . they are each proud of themselves and their friends as they move on to the next chapter in their schooling . each student receives this little diploma showing their achievement . following the ceremony , each child goes to the local water park to celebrate and have fun !
we drove to a lake to go fishing . we got on our boat after some time . when we left we had to make a bridge to cross the water . our car was able to make it across . the children missed us a lot .
the set for the new community show started off slowly . it took awhile build because they could n't decide exactly how to portray the rooms . it was great though because the set was catered with sandwiches everyday . they even used brick in some places to make it look more believable . that was also another reason why it took longer than usual to build .
the garden at the local park our school volunteered to work on this weekend . we had to do a little heavy lifting early in the morning on the weekend . do not say that teachers do not work on the weekend . the kids where so happy to take a break and have a snack . at the end of the day everybody was happy to be in the warm school .
it was a great day to go shopping outside . we wanted to get some groceries for the week we decided to go to a farmer 's market for the food . they had so much to choose from . we wound up getting a lot of fruits for the upcoming week .
going to the magic kingdom today for halloween festival ! such a beautiful view ! i love it here ! cute pumpkins above [male] 's restaurant this place is the best ! look at these pumpkins with facial expressions ! my favorite pumpkin of them all ! the witch pumpkin !
going over to see my grandma for christmas this year . she lives in a very beautiful house outside of the city . it is always so beautiful out there this time of year . i was so happy to see my grandma and her great aunt . of course her dog is also part of the family ! we had a great time .
the countryside is always remarkable in the winter . the hills shine in the snow . the streams freeze over . the trees are weighed down by the snow and ice . the bridges are slick with ice .
it was time for our picnic . grandpa did the grilling . the chicken was delcious . then we went for a dip in the pool . what an awesome day it was .
this picture of my wedding dress takes my breath away . my sister took this picture , as i viewed the decorated reception hall . this picture of my bridal party makes me feel , like we were all princesses . my daughter was trying to eat a bubble that was blown by me . it seems there are all sorts of wedding crashers .
it was that time of year for a party . we wanted to make the outdoors look nice too . the whole town was ready . everyone started to come over . all in all it was a fun time and great weather .
i was off work this weekend so i decided to attend the local car show . there was a huge variety of cars . i was able to check under the hood with this one . i fell in love with this one . i would love the chance to drive this car , but i know it wo n't happen . i 'm just happy that i was able to attend the car show .
the bride 's dress hangs up , waiting to be worn for the big day . the bride stares at the soon-to-be-eaten cake . the bride and bridesmaids pose . the groom 's niece plays with bubbles . they come across a hedgehog .
the awards banquet was in full effect and the venue was packed full of people . cheerleaders performed their routine . the star player accepted his award and the reporter asked to comment on what this recognition meant to him . the report asked his team members to say a few words as well . outside of the venue , the streets were packed with people waiting to see the athletes .
after waiting for a long time the ball game finally began . we still had to go through the beginning procedures . we took a few minutes to say the pledge . and then it was time to play ball ! i had a great time that game .
we decided to try and solve the mystery of the do the bad thing ! they suggested that we go and look over to the left . these guys did not want to participate at all in the quest . after the mystery was solved these men got an award for exposing the truth . then everyone celebrated at the great concert party .
he was a huge [male] [male] vaughan fan . even though he grew up taking piano , he had taught himself to play guitar . he sounded like [male] [male] . he looked like [male] [male] . he was so good some people were convinced he was [male] [male] vaughan 's reincarnation .
we all had to get ready at work today because the boss was coming to check in . we all saluted him as he walked by . there were a lot of questions being asked . we had to stand for a very long time while they had conversations inside the building . i really hope they finish up soon .
my priest gave me a tour of the church today . i saw many things i had n't noticed before . he showed me the ceiling and explained what the artwork represented in the tiles . the church is full of beautiful stained glass windows , and i loved looking at them all . this one shows [male] and eve in the garden of [female] . but , this one is my favorite window . it shows [male] being swallowed by the whale . it is scary and weird , something you do n't think of seeing at church !
the bride was tended to by her bridesmaids . they stood in the background making sure everything went well . her best friends came from out of town . his sister who was also a bridesmaid and her partner also showed the groom support . family and friends stood together to support the newlywed couple through their exciting day .
i went to [male] 's birthday party yesterday . it was also a st. [male] 's day . [male] got a cell phone for a birthday present . hectors close friends were there . the crowd got bigger as the night went on .
[female] is scared , she 's getting married . this is her first wedding photo . and here she is with everyone in the wedding . this is [male] , her husband with location , the best man . here 's [male] and his family .
it was a beautiful day at the lake . my dad took us out on his boat . we enjoyed relaxing while he got the tube ready . once he had it attached , my brother got on and my dad took off . i decided to water ski instead of using the tube .
in location , location , history is still alive . i told my husband he did n't need any more wishes , i was his dream come true . of course he laughed . this is me pretending i 'm not freezing out here . salem gets a little chilly in the winter . i 'm so glad they were able to save this beautiful house . even in winter , the harbor is quite beautiful .
today was the day of the polar plunge for charity ! the water was so cold it had ice in parts of it . tons of people came out to take the plunge . everyone 's ready to run into the water . the water was so freezing !
after walking for hours on our tour , we wanted to sit and relax . we started with a few beers and did n't want to leave . no that 's not his beer . my son was playing waiter . as usual , we got hungry after drinking a few . the food was greasy but tasty . a photo-op by the water before heading back to the hotel .
today we made a water slide outside of our house . the kids ran the hose over to the slide so it could get wet . our daughter decided to slide down first . although she was a bit nervous . then she got over it quickly as she slid down . after that our son slid belly first like a penguin and had a blast .
[female] had been working hard to get through college . it was finally graduation . she walked up to the stage excitedly . just before she went on stage there was a hold up . someone at the front of the line tripped in their high heels and was being attended to . [female] waits anxiously for her turn . finally , she gets through the line , and her face lights up with the biggest smile . then , of course , there are the obligatory photos with family and friends . now [female] is ready to cut the cord to her childhood and begin her new life .
this is a picture of the city where we stayed on vacation . not far from us was this majestic mountain . this is where we had to park our rental car . one of the attractions near where we parked . thankfully there was a starbucks there !
[male] picked out the best ice sculpture of the wedding . even the friends of [male] showed up after nearly a decade . the boys ducked in front of the girls for a nice picture . thankfully no glasses got broken that night . the guests looked very happy before they left the wedding .
mom enjoyed a nice meal out before two days of hospital food . she was nervous but it 's was n't her first surgery . vital signs looked good but then again i 'm no doctor . she 'll be sore when she wakes up . poor mom ! one week later , mom is already back at work ! she 's a tough cookie .
[male] had their ceremony in a nice forest . they had a native american ceremony after the [male] one . they washed their sins at the river and the ceremony ended . the reception was a vegan creation . everyone had stomach aches and were miserrable because of the food .
this year i went home to spend mother 's day with mom and grandma . i gave my mom a homemade greeting card which she simply adored . mom got some of her favorite gum as a gift . i also got to spend time with the cat . we had a delicious strawberry pie after dinner .
[male] loved his cat very much . he loved it more than his own family . he though it was truly his best friend . he sat with his family to eat dinner , thinking of the cat the entire time . after dinner he fell asleep on the floor with his best friend .
our dog was eager for the day to begin . i started to grill some ribs . we were in a nice area for a bbq . after lunch , we went out on the water . we ended the day with some fireworks .
here are gilligan and the skipper , out for a 3-hour tour . gilligan casually notes that there are rocks off the port bow . skipper looks mildly concerned . here are gilligan and the skipper stranded on the deserted island . `` where are [female] , [female] ? '' asks the professor . they celebrate their material for a long-running sitcom with a weenie roast .
i spent yesterday relaxing at home . i smoked all of my cigarettes . i also bought a new chandelier . my dog was relaxing with me . after a few hours i left to go to a bar .
the adults sit eagerly awaiting the meal to come . on the other side , the baby seems to be resting however there is noise . the noise awakens the child and he wants to eat . a boy looks on at the adult while eating his own meal . at the other end of the table , the host serves food and everyones is happy .
you could almost smell the patriotism on this 4th of july . children everywhere were ready for the parade , waving the flag in their wagons pulled by their parents . the old battle hymns could be heard . how could one not be patriotic today ? and how could you not end it with rockets ' red , blue , and green glare .
i went to an art museum for local talet . one man was autographing a book for me that he published . this man creates illustrations and sells them . this particular author was my favorite , and he was kind enough to talk to me about his book . lastly was this amazing lady who is an amazing sketch artist .
the band played for the guests . the bride and groom looked amazing . they were ready for their closeup . everyone then hit the dance floor . we watched as the couple had their first dance .
our friends got together this weekend to celebrate new years . we got pretty drunk and loud , [male] was trying to eat his shirt . we made sure everyone had a drink at all times , we did n't want any sobriety in this house . we blew our noise makers when the time came . but , the city did n't look much different , still the same city even in the new year .
the day began with looking at old , fancy buildings . they looked at one building with statues of a adult figure with children . then , a martyr like figure was observed . they were astonished by the beauty of the carvings in the buildings . they walked down the road , amazed at what they had seen .
everyone gathered for the special event . they were excited to she her . a giant cake was made . she was very happy that everyone came . they cleaned up after the party .
the family decided it was time for a game night . they got everyone seated around the table , and gave the adults some beers , and then they began playing . it was a fun time and brought them closer together as a family .
today we went to the gymnastics competition there were so many different age levels there we did tumbles and splits and lots of other moves afterwards the parents of smaller children posed with the little ones for photos what a great day it was to celebrate
there was a lot of people at the bar party . we played many games together . we had a great time with everybody . some people were underage . afterward we all went home when it was over .
i had a great christmas this year . my entire family received great gifts . i got everything that i wanted . and a new car . and my wife got me this shirt .
we were on location location . this board advertised a business . we got to see a fire station along the way . the walls were covered with bricks . it was the organization organization organization organization organization .
the rickety old bridge had been there for as long as anyone could remember . along the trail , there were steep caverns unusual rock formations were abundant . you could see a waterfall in the distance . the river seemed to disappear in the mountain .
i 'd never been to a stock car race in my life until this weekend . my new boyfriend is a stock car racer , using car 55 ! i realized the race was a huge amount of fun to watch . it 's cool how all the cars are covered with ads . it 's strange , but a lot of fun to see . my boyfriend 's arch-rival is number 44 . he was glad when the officials stopped his car ! the ultimate winner was number 97 , who my boyfriend says is a very good racer . i 'll be willing to go to more races in the future .
my good friends had a circus themed wedding ! the wedding took place under a huge red tent . there were rides for guests to enjoy ! we also were treated to acrobats performing nearly impossible feats ! some of us were feeling slightly tipsy , and sang and danced !
i sold my car to this family . they had a great time buying it . they invited me to go with them to church . i accepted their offer . we had a great time there .
i bought some roses today . they are very beautiful . i also bought a vase to put them in . i placed them on my desk at home . i smell them every time i sit down .
today , the couple goes on a date . first , they got some ice cream and went out to see the sights of the town . then , they went into some shops and shopped for cute souvenirs . they decided that the [male] mouse was the best souvenir to represent their trip . at the end of the day , they enjoyed dinner and wine and a nice restaurant .
our living room looked really great . the decorator did an amazing job with the floor . the kitchen looked really great with the wood cabinets . everything was really interesting to see . even the outside of the house looked great .
everyone started walking towards the house where the party was being held . soon , the room filled up with all of them , and the sound of talking filled the room too . in no time the dj got set up and music was added to the background . people started enjoying themselves immensely , and almost everyone ate and drank to liven up the fun . unfortunately , there were a few people that drank too much , and some people passed out .
[male] was practicing his photography . he wanted to get better at black and white photos . this empty lot seemed like the best spot to start . he climbed up the stairs and took a shot of the door . then looked down them at what a beautiful scene he had created .
my friend gave me a tour of his local area a couple weeks ago . he has a cute kid who got to look out on all the balconies we could see . there was an area outside you could walk out onto and see the whole town . when we were out walking , we saw doors with bright pink outlines . we ended up in a local coffee shop where we stopped to chat for a while .
christmas time in our front yard . the trees this year were decorated so well . over at the car i see that it is starting to snow . maybe it will be a white christmas . at the christmas dinner we had a variety of wonderful foods . just looking over our family all celebrating is just beautiful . here is grandma and my aunt that came for the festivities . it truly was a time of joy and celebration . the best christmas of 2012 .
it finally got dark after everyone went hiking in the snow . the guy to a cigarette break . the lady drank some coffee . the couple got cozy after the hike . everyone came together to celebrate their big hike . after they all called it a night .
the mom and her baby decided to enjoy a day out at the church pot luck dinner . the ladies made traditional recipes for the event . there 's nothing like a homemade cherry pie . the sun was starting to set and everyone had eaten . the tired babies were ready for the ride home after a fun day .
it was a beautiful day in the town . people gathered around to take part in , or watch different activities . men in white shirts displayed their talent and had a great time together . nearby people watched everything in awe and had a wonderful time . after it was over , everyone left to different parts of the town to enjoy the rest of the day .
our first christmas in location felt strange . i was n't used to the summer christmas weather . my wife gemma worked hard to make it a special day . she had a surprise for me . she had put up a big christmas tree , a type that did n't grow naturally here ! she also invited over a lot of my american friends to make me feel more at home . i did n't even mind the part of the party that took place outside in the heat !
met up with my friend at location location and we are gon na go downtown . here 's my friend . he 's happy to see me . first stop , this building , it 's a temple of some kind . then on to this building , it 's really interesting . then off to the park where there are beautiful statues all around .
for father 's day , this young man took his father to a organization organization game . they shared snacks before the game . the game was fun and exciting . afterward , the fans were allowed to come down to the field and meet some of the players . and the young man caught an awesome souvenir .
there was a problem with the car 's engine and we needed a mechanic . we brought it to [female] who came highly recommended . she was not your typical mechanic . she used some sort of dance to fix the car . the engine magically started . we were able to leave and [female] dances off into the distance .
the star wars convention was amazing ! i went with my brother . the stormtroopers put on a show ! there was laser tag too ! we left with masks and costumes . i put on a costume and posed with vader .
my wife and i went on a fun vacation together in location location . we saw a concert with a really great cover band . the guitarist really did an amazing job . it was like seeing the real band ! the whole band was amazing ! the concert got a little crazy . what happens in location stays in location !
we had so much fun on our trip to the zoo ! we saw so many animals . my best friend almost passed out from excitement from seeing her favorite animal , the giraffe . the animal species at the zoo were so diverse . it was a very unique place .
we started today with story time . our teacher showed us the pictures in the book while she read to us . we love story time so i always look to get a good spot around the table and close to the book . after story time the assistant teacher started a new lesson with us . it was n't quite as fun as story time .
on friday night , i went out to meet my friends at the club . i went by train , as i do not have a car . i love riding the escalator ! my friend [female] was there . [female] 's boyfriend jamahl was there too .
the girl is celebrating her graduation . she went some time with her brother . then she spent some time with her grandmother . everyone is so excited for her . at the end of the party she got to eat cake .
when the guys get together , they like to drink . everyone sits around the family room playing their own games . dad is really involved in this racing game . after sitting inside for a while , we decided to go out to get some fresh air . we played a good old fashioned game of catch .
us and our close friends at a botanical garden . there was a beautiful waterfall that we could see up close . next we saw the flowers , this pink one was an all around favorite . this rose was also a close second favorite . lastly we watched the fish in the koi pond .
looking pensive the chap gazed as he was looking into a far distant land while sporting a clover on his left cheek . ever pensive the fellow stroked where a beard would be and turned his gaze revealing a painted beer glass on his right cheek . the first sip off the top to is always the best . the man enjoyed it with his eyes closed . keeping with tradition a friend painted her fingernails green and gold . an oversized hat is a good way to help keep the party alive .
[male] showed us his new tat before we headed out for the night . cool . the jazz band was half way through their set when we arrived . the lights were cool ... or just too much to drink . spotted these two trying to get it on in the bathroom . on the way home , we ran into a detour . [male] take longer getting home .
this is a picture of three people . this is a picture of a group . this is a picture of apparel . this is a picture of two men . this is a picture of a crowd .
our town is so patriotic and so full of life . we love going to the annual parade . daria had to plug her ears as the engines went by . this is our town mayor and he is so funny . he is in the parade every year . then the music started coming down the street , it was fun but i have heard better music . this was my favorite float of the day . god bless location ! this was the end of the parade , it truly was a fun time with the family !
these pictures are for an assignment for class . i took them at our cookout trying to show how light factors into photos . as the evening rolled on you can see the same area in different lighting . i loved to soft glow it had as the sun was just about to set . and here is the same shot without the baby , but in black and white . [female] i get an a !
the soldiers all awaited their assignments . they were told they needed to help a nearby village with getting food and water . the sargeant called out all the names matthews . harker , organization , johnson ! each of us would be going to assist . the others looked at us as if we had gotten off easy . little do they know the village is riddled with disease .
this is a picture of babies . this is a picture of golf . this is a picture of two people . this is a picture of face paint . this is a picture of a man .
he had never been to such a majestic place before . the locals told him all about the beauty of the land . information was written in stone to tell him about it . the mountains were beautiful . he stood atop them and looked at the vast canyon .
my new computers arrived today so it 's time to set up . i cleaned and arranged the desk to accommodate all the new equipment . i made sure it was all in order ready for set up . most of it is set up here , but there are last minute arrangements . all set ; my new computers !
we went on a tour in location and saw some really interesting people there . this man had a cool fan that he let us use . my family got to taste a lot of traditional asian cuisine . we went on tours of the ancient buildings there and got to see some cool artifacts . at the end of the day , my little brother was very tired from walking and we pushed him around in his stroller .
it was a sunny and clear day at the football stadium . at location location , there were cars lining up to get in . a view of the field showed how well kept it was . a giant orange paw print marks the stadium from another side . there is beautiful landscaping around the stadium .
visiting a local flea market for the fish . see all the many types of noodles they have . i 'm in heaven . i 'll pass on the fish , it does n't look very good today plus i prefer a nice lobster . trying to sell some fish to the locals , telling them how fresh it is . this was a cute little boy who wanted to help me find a seat .
our parents all gathered for our student play . the stage was all set with the flowers and rainbow . we sang a few songs that we had learned . location the beautiful was my favorite . we showed our parents the cool mural tiles that we had made for our school mural system . the whole event culminated with a party with food and friends . we had a lot of fun .
today was the day that [male] was going to ask out the girl of his dreams , at the party ! she said yes ! and even kissed him ! everyone was having a great time at the party ! that was until freds new girlfriend was caught kissing another guy . we decided to stay silent about it .
heavy flood in our town . testing the new camera that i got . the flood is starting to subside but you can see there are still quite a lot of water . frogs are being washed up . 24x zoom on the organization camera . 64x zoom . the quality is amazing .
my mom came to my orchestra concert that was held in the park . i got on stage and played the bass like a champ . my friends got their woodwind section going to join me . at the end , my friend marnie began to play the baritone . my cousin [male] enjoyed the treats he was given .
all of my friends were at my apartment last night . we played a lot of drinking games . i was n't very good at them . we played until late into the night . after we were done everyone had had a lot to drink .
we drove around looking for a hotel room to stay at . first place we went to did n't have any rooms . then we came across a gas station that the gas prices were high . after that we passed a organization . then we finally got a room at the lakeside . in the lobby was christmas tree with lights .
friends gathered for a pumpkin carving party . when everyone arrived , they got to work . the worked hard for about an hour . they displayed the pumpkins on table . the most exciting part was turning off the lights to watch them glow .
everyone was very excited to graduate last weekend . we had a great time there . the speakers were very funny . i really enjoyed their speeches . everyone was cheering and tossing hats at the end .
today was [male] 's first day at school , mum took a picture to remember . as did dad , he was happy his son got the opportunity to attend this kindergarten . [male] himself seemed pretty happy as well . he got to draw and had a nice teacher . he let his creativity run wild on paper . he ca n't wait to do it again .
we move into our new house tomorrow . the kitchen is small but functional . the dining room will be a great place to host parties . the living room is elegant . and the bedroom is gorgeous .
we went to an amusement park for the day . we could n't wait to ride the big ferris wheel . the carousel was fun at night . the giant wheel let us see the entire park . the night came to an end with fire works .
after 45 hours of labor baby [male] is finally here . he has his mom 's eyes , his mom 's nose , and his dad 's hair . he even paused to mug for the camera ! he looks just like daddy . aunt [female] is so a happy .
our vacation was a strange mix of fancy and weird . the castle we stayed in was certainly fancy ! the door alone was enough to stun you . however , just down the street from the castle was this weird hot dog statue . it was outside a hot dog cookery . we had to go in and get one . the bay was back to fancy -- -a beautiful sight at night .
we had our gamer party today . we had a good time and even played music . we even had a special guest ! we played many old school games together . this little guy that brought us such good memories gave us even more today !
i had a great time last weekend . i took time off to see many sights around the city . the bridge was huge . there were many old buildings to explore . we had a great time .
the family all came over for dinner . the kids set up dogoploly and played until dinner was ready . we crowded all around and got our food . after we lounged around and watched family videos . [male] was so full he fell asleep .
i was so excited when i arrived at the party with my girlfriend . i found my friends and we started telling stories together . i went out on the water with my girlfriend in a paddle boat . we headed back to the party and relaxed after the tiring paddle boats . we spent the rest of the night having a great time with all of our friends .
they gathered for a meal out the ships were fun to look at . it was a great night out . they saw lots of big ships in port . there were many ships in port .
everyone was excited after the wedding . our sister snacked on fruit at the reception . the flower girls danced around the gazebo . after they settled down we posed for a picture . we caught a closeup of my sister by surprise .
picture of the cross , it is a blessed day . bride getting her hair done . husband saying his vows to his new bride . exchanging rings at the alter . on a carriage driving to their new life together .
my father decorated his front porch with red , white and blue for his independence celebration . we went to the ocean afterwards . we relaxed on the beach because no one was there . we went back home and saw that he put a hotel california sign the room we were staying at . he has a strange sense of humor but our daughter loves him .
black and white photo of an eagle . the eagle prepares to land . an eagle lands on the mans arm . an owl soaring though the air . the owl about to make a landing .
we gathered at the church to celebrate the marriage . the bride and groom wrote their own wedding vows . they make a handsome couple . the reception began with the bride and groom dancing . after the reception , family pictures were taken with the bride and groom .
[female] wanted a wholesome birthday party . the dinner was sans alcohol . everyone brought their favorite dish to share . the grownups playe board games all night . the children had lots of fun playing games as well .
the bride was so excited to get married . the bride 's maids took their place for the wedding . then the bride walked down the aisle with her father . after the wedding the bride and groom had their first dance . all of their friends and family threw a huge party .
my friend wanted to jump in the water . he finally did dive in . then i joined him . another person joined in soon afterwards . then one more person joined in .
the stage is set for a halloween party . this guest does n't seem very scared of the ghoul ! people were having a good time trying on scary masks . some of the ladies decided to go all out with their costumes . everybody was having a good time dancing and showing off their costumes .
a variety of food was spread over the table . the host was finally able to get a plate for herself . everyone gathered in the front room to take pictures . the birthday recipients each held up the cake . it was n't long before people were relaxed in conversation on the floor .
it was the first day of school and all the kids were ready . they were heading out to the bus . the youngest daughter went to say goodbye to her dad . but she was scared about leaving . as the bus pulls up she decides she is ready and runs off .
we arrived late at the party and it was n't by accident . i was n't looking forward to another boring gathering . but a croquet game started and it was really fun . i had n't played since i was a kid but i did pretty well . i 'll happily attend more family functions if games are played .
[male] made thanksgiving dinner , he mashed yams . the turkey came out perfect , [male] slices the turkey . the cheese ball he made was everyone 's favorite .
a public debate was starting , and it seemed to be starting off well . each side had their chance to give an introduction to their argument . the opposing side choose their words carefully . while members of the guard stood still holding flags , and weapons . the room was packed with people eager to hear what the two sides had to say .
a father and sons went camping on a mountain trail . they saw a beautiful river . they took pictures by large rocks . they stood on boulders . the other put his arms around his sons .
a 5k is currently taking place and here are some of the racers . here are some of the racers who are in the back of the race . the race is finished and a lady is drinking some water one man is relieved that the run is over an gives a slight grin . a man and lady take a picture while they were walking around .
i went to the museum today to check out some paintings . i saw this really interesting painting of the last meal . [male] rivera even had some of his early sketches in the collection . i was really inspired by a painting of sculptures , it was so realistic . i bought a print of my favorite painting of flowers from the gift shop .
it was a nice day for a party for the organization . the decorating crew felt they did a great job livening up the place . a delicious cake is essential to any party . he compliments the cake and gestures for the others to admire it as well . a quick group photo makes a memory you can frame .
the organization homecoming game recognized breast cancer awareness . the homecoming queen and her court were excited for the game . the whole homecoming court stops for a picture . it 's almost game time , but there is time for one more shot with the adorable court pages . the pages pose with the wildcat mascot , dreaming of their high school futures .
the party was getting loud and the performers on stage were great they had everyone dancing and just having a good time then we took pictures
their dad is there ring leader . he gathers the guys around out back . his mom babysits while he conducts the meetings . the dog watches guard to make sure no one interrupts they about using crabs for protection also .
our son was ready for his first game of the season . the weather was great for the boys ' game today . our son played fairly well today . he was shooting for the goal for the winning point . the ball flew past the goalie and we won !
in early fall , as the leaves were at their peak i decided to go to a quaint mountain town for vacation i brought my boyfriend and we stayed at a resort overlooking this beautiful mountain at the base of the mountain was a beautiful clear lake . we had a great time !
this tropical climate was perfect for plants growing everywhere . this butterfly was about to have an interesting day . it had eaten the nectar from this flower first . then it started feeding on this flower . all of a sudden a bird flew down from the sky and ate the butterfly .
the child was raised in a very happy household . him and his brother were given lots of toys for christmas . he got a castle that always wanted . the boy also got a big wheel that he would practice riding . the boy was very happy and loved his family .
the bar was not very full , but the band was hopeful that more customers would come in . the people outside were not sure whether they wanted to go listen to a band or not . the instruments were all ready to make their music . the band decided to begin , even though there were n't many customers around . they loved to play their music . a sweet dessert sat untouched on a table as the bar patrons found themselves entranced by the music .
a bomb exploded in location . the cop is keeping onlookers out . the area is roped off to the public . they are making sure everyone is accounted for . the news crews have arrived and set up across the street . their vans are blocking the road . today 's paper has the blast on the front page .
we went on a little shopping trip to a local market . there were great deals all around . we were n't the only people interested in going . they had watermelons sold whole or by halves that looked delicious . they also hd these coconut looking things that seemed weird . there was single serve portions of some weird looking food but we had to try it !
she has the look like this will be a long party . they light the minora and get on with it . he has a look of `` i do n't want to be here '' the cookies look delightful and delicious . she eases the mood with a stiff drink .
the children dressed up this years halloween party . we all got together and dressed up in our favorite costumes . the children got to play outside during the day . then , at night we all went inside for a spooky halloween ball . it was fun for the children and the parents , too !
snow fell in the town of location today ! children and elders flocked to the park to play in the snow . a group of children hid under the bridge and pelted pedestrians with snowballs . almost everyone tried `` sledding '' down the hill in cardboard boxes . at the end of the day , this cute snowman was left as a solitary lonely guard over the empty park .
it was graduation day , and all of the graduates went to the football field for the ceremony . they filed to their seats in two single-file lines . a distinguished man in a suit came to give the commencement address . the entire class sat and listened to the man speak . afterwards , one of the graduates pose for pictures with her family .
[female] was excited for the picnic today , but nobody showed up ! she walked around the premises , but still she saw nobody . she was livid , but there was nothing she could do , so she picnicked alone .
i needed to get a good picture of the school principle for the paper . i did n't like the angle of this shot . the color on this one was too yellow . i feel this one is too far away . i finally chose this one as i feel it is my best shot .
all the police officers stand at attention remembering the life of an officer who died . the man plays the bagpipes for the family of the deceased officer . his fellow officers carry the casket that is decorated with the flag . the officers are very solemn and hate to see their friend go . a member of the church meets with the mayor to say goodbye to the officer that has died .
in location we do fund raising with a difference ! welcome to the first annual prostrate cancer prevention triathlon ! first you will do a five meter dash to the first food tent . the tent is crowded so please be patient . remember , you are eating for a cause . once you finished your first meal , you will swim 10 kilometers against the current in the location location . watch out for cramps ! your reward ? a wonderful meal of location and pea meal bacon . also , you will be helping a very good cause .
we threw granny a big birthday party . mom came and got a photo with gran . a lot of family showed up for the party . we met some new people too . grandpa even came and hung out with the younger women .
i threw a halloween party at my house yesterday . there was a huge turnout . the party was full of people . everyone was chatting with one another . i got to meet a lot of new people .
i went down the street last weekend . there was a tsunami warning issued . i decided to hang around . there were not many people outside . a camera man wanted to ask me why i was still there .
today was the big tree planting party . here is a picture of before the event . the finished product , a hole . now where is that tree ? there is tree ? how could i misplace it ? silly me ! getting ready to do some serious work here . and the boots are put into action ! as well as shovels , muscles , etc .
[male] slam dunks another one ! later on in the game [male] tries to retain control of the ball . he goes up for anther slam dunk . [male] yells `` nothing but net ! `` . they win the game and continue on to the championship .
the fans arrived at the basketball game . the dance team performed on the court . then the marching band played songs . the cheerleaders pumped up the crowd . [male] paterno offered words before the game .
we are so glad that we are finally married now . there were a lot of people there . they all sat down to wait for the ceremony to begin . afterward we had a lot of fun playing wedding games together . it was a very nice day for the wedding .
our bus arrived at our stop . we snapped a few pictures of flowers . these were very pretty . we walked the trail to the water . we entered an old building .
protests are happening in location . people are upset over terrorist attacks in their country . proud people hold the country 's flag in solidarity . everyone is coming together to demand peace . one of the protest leaders talks to the crowd and demands change .
two guys , [male] and [female] ( guy 's version of the name ) decided to throw a gold party . they set up one entire table for the whole event . hundreds of people showed up for the event . people got to play golf . everyone eventually had to wear hats because the sun was out of control that day .
we arrived on site and [male] met us at the garden . he would be our tour guide , along with his fancy hat . he took us around the beautiful grounds ... and , continued through the garden ... and , then we saw it . the beautiful church at the end of the rainbow .
robotech released their new toy , with complicated instructions.. after putting it together , you could finally get a cool ship to fly around . you could also turn it into a robot with a weapon . if you wanted to change it even further , you get an even cooler ship . there were so many different options for the new toy .
we decide to take a tour of this famous whiskey factory over the weekend . the barrels smelled of aged oak . we got to see the testing facility to ensure quality control . what a fun job that must be . here 's were the magic happens . the aging process in the barrels was a site to see . finally , the finished product . it was an enjoyable experience .
these friends were some kind of evil demons and demons . this lady did a great medusa . the halloween party was on , and there were lots of costumes to see . this guy found an interesting way to proposition women . but in the end , no one could compete with this perfect terminator .
after many years they finally are replacing the clock tower clock precision craftsmanship went into making the clock they worked over 5 days to make it perfect they even brought in a specialist to see things along its going to be a great clock when its done
tricycle racing is a lonely , stupid thing . these people are the loneliest , but not the stupidest . until they mount their trics . this looks like a normal man with a hunger for the finish line . but much about tricycle racing is deceptive . this is what a moment of glory looks like in this sport . these people have come to face their mortality and the deep questions that arise from every true tricycle race .
[female] 's closest friends [male] and [female] threw her a surprise birthday party . [female] loved opening her gifts . [female] 's favorite gift was from [male] . even [female] 's sisters came to the party . [female] was able to thank [male] later in the evening for her fabulous gift .
the day of my wedding was one of the best events of my life , look at how happy i was ! we married in catholic church that my husband attended growing up ! we spent a lovely afternoon at the park . then we got our photos taken with color enhancements on our rings . then we went back to the same park later for more fun and pictures !
the man wore a brave and bold uniform . his men followed him in respect . a man wore a cup costume and strolled around . the tradition was magical and i felt the culture . the men played bagpipe instruments .
a group of shipping containers sits in the parking lot of the factory . the barrel displays the name of the factory . two people are seen working on a factory line . the barrels line the walls of this dark space . bottles of whiskey are on full display .
the president of location arrives in location . the president and his wife are given a warm welcome . he is here to attend the funeral of [male] chavez . he must return to his home country , where his people need him . back in location he is greeted by his many friends and supporters .
i waited at the airport for my flight . there were a lot of comfortable seats there . i got to ride in first class . the chairs were very comfortable . i had a great time on the flight .
just as football practice was finishing up today my parents told m they wanted to go and pick fruits . so we all got in the car and drove several hours away to a place that had fruits to pick . the trees there were so big we needed to use a ladder to get at the fruits . my dad was very hungry after that long drive and he ate a lot of them . afterward my parents bought me a present after the drive home .
signing the contracts . presenting the trophy . making a dunk . the mascots running away . the fans cheering and shouting .
when we got to the event there were already a lot of people there . the inside of the building was very nice and well kept . many people traveled far to attend . while the event proceedings went by i found myself more intrigued with the design of the building itself . after it was over there was a mass exit of people .
there were many children at the mill street orphanage . each of them had giant name tags . the group was narrowed down to a few finalists eligible for adoption . the winner was announced . the winner will leave the orphanage and join the organization organization .
he was really excited on the graduation day a group photo of the new grads . waving to the cameras during the graduation ceremony posing for the camera with his gay parents celebrating with the family at the swimming pool
asad and balia asked me to pick a picture from their reception to have blown up to poster size . the photographer had taken many interesting pictures during the reception . this was one of the most romantic pictures i saw . this one really shows the love between them . i finally chose this one as it really captures how colorful and festive the reception was .
i went hiking with my boyfriend today in the national park . we crossed a bridge while we were walking through . the bridge passed over this breathtaking river . we reached a cave and took a couple photos there . the national park is truly beautiful and i ca n't wait to come again .
my grammie was determined to make it to my college graduation . it was n't easy . we had to get her from her assisted living , and she needed a lot of rest before we left . but she made it , and so did i ! i was so happy she was going to see my big moment . the fact i got to speak at graduation was icing on the cake . grammie 's hearing is n't the best , but she could see me there ! i looked at her out in the audience the whole time i spoke !
the family went our month trip to the zoo . the little ones are always the most excited . the view from the chair ride is always really cool . the whole family loves seeing the elephants . my favorite animal has always been the zebra ,
when everyone arrived we all got ready to go . we got in the car and went to the restaurant . there were a lot of people on the guest list . we were finally seated . we had a great time at the restaurant .
the pumpkin was angry . someone had stolen all of his seeds . he waited patiently in front of the house for night to fall . once it was night time he made his move . he proceeded into the house to finally get his revenge . there were no survivors .
everyone arrived for the family reunion . there was plenty of food and alcohol . mom was starting to have a little too much fun . many photographs were taken . after a long day of celebration i decided to take a nap .
the race went to darkness and people were still celebrating . everyone managed to finish though and earlier it was rainy while the pictures were taken .
despite enjoying the field trip , the day was quite exhausting . we explored different areas , from native habitats to modern caves . the bus ride home was quite boring , considering that i was n't able to see any interesting from the bus window . i did come across this funny poster though . when i arrived home , i did the honor of taking out some cold refreshments .
we went to see the fireworks last weekend . i love fireworks . there were many different kinds filling the night sky . i liked the multi colored ones . the closeups look very pretty .
the skyscrapers are some of the tallest buildings across the country . at night , the city hosted a nightly carnival . the bridge is much more convenient at night . we decided to use the bridge to get to the city carnival in record breaking time . many vendors had great food to offer at the carnival . the carnival had many inner city people show up .
this club has many activities , such as swimming . they also ride bicycles . running is also on offer . this is the fitness club . the club is financed by payments from its members .
i had a great time at the party . we all played with the dog . i met a lot of new people there . there were many games that we played . some people had a lot to drink .
it was the wedding day that the couple had been dreaming of for years . as dad walked the bride down the isle , the bridesmaids and groomsmen lined up to participate . the couple finally said `` i do '' . and than , the party was on ! the reception was gorgeous with many beautiful real flowers and candles on the tables . everyone had a blast dancing and drinking . it was a night the couple will never forget .
the church where this weeding was held was an amazing old building . the wedding cars were old too-they look like [male] minors . the reception was held on a big tent in the field . the groomsmen started off the evening smart with matching ties and gerberas in their buttonholes , but after a few drinks the ties started to get a bit wonky . but the bride and groom stayed very classy and elegant . she had a very stylish dress and his tie stayed straight !
we watched the fireworks this year under a blue light . this way there was less glare . some of the fireworks were blue too . my dog felt lonely since he was n't the center of attention and so he just laid down by our side the entire night . my girlfriend was pretty busy running around getting things and food . she took some time out from all her duties though and was able to enjoy some of the show with me .
went to location today ! got a copy of `` big boobed himoko chan '' though there was much more on sale ! i could n't buy it all ! i found my wifu , though .
it was an emotional moment when the soldiers came home to their family . many fathers were greeted by their children , of whom they had n't seen in over a yeaar . one soldier even came home to a surprise , a baby boy ! it was n't all boys at this reunion either , as a little girl gave her father a hug . the soldiers had quite a bit of luggage to bring home and some were happy to help .
there was a hawaiian bbq contest at the park this weekend . all the local bbq enthusiasts were there competing and giving everyone a taste . we had such a fun time and even got flower necklaces . they had live entertainment . and there was dancing on into the night .
people started showing up in the early morning for the day long concert several bands played during the day . these people had the best view . the best band played that night . there was a lot of trash to clean up .
the whole family was together for the 4th of july fireworks . they were quite beautiful . some looked like falling stars . earlier that day they had gone to a military funeral . the fireworks made them totally forget the sad event .
this husband and wife were excited to have a pizza night at their new place . their son made sure to get the ice ready for drinks , and grandpa made sure that the chairs were set up . everyone started arriving , and enjoyed the couple 's new home .
the man was talking and the people were listening . he had a lot to say and was very energetic . they were all happy with him .
vulcan village welcomed us at this booth . we were directed to go outside for the candy and games . a member of organization organization told us a funny story . halloween would n't be a day without candy . lastly , one of the guests took her time picking out the best candy .
the trip to the capital started with viewing monuments . the capital building looked impressive on this sunny day . many people enjoyed the weather and sightseeing . there was a military gathering . a military demonstration was organized in front of the capital building .
caught off guard but still camera ready . grandpa with the baby their both so cute . he such a happy baby , i love it ! grandpa say cheeese ! spending time with family and it was great day . grandma wanted her quality time with the sweet baby .
we had a party today . lot 's of people came . we took a lot of pictures . we drank a lot too . there was plenty of food .
it was such a nice day today , so i took a ride into town . i saw some decorations down the road , so i went to go investigate . i found a nice little farmers market and bought some fresh fruits . i sat and relaxed under a giant shady tree , and ate my fruit . i saw a stray cat relaxing on the pavement , and gave the cat a piece of food .
this is the church where the wedding was held . the bridesmaids took a quick pic together . the bride and groom leaned forward for a quick kiss . the guests were overwhelmed with joy . the bouquet was beautiful .
my sister [female] got married last weekend . my cousin [female] was one of the bridesmaids . my dad was so proud walking her down the aisle . the reception that followed was fun . at the end , i tried to catch the bouquet , but i failed . still , it was a beautiful day .
three senior students took a cruise of the bay . after the cruise one of the student went market shopping . all three students are taking a bus tour viewing the scene . all three students are being presented with metal for outstanding performance . before returning home , the students are having a conversation .
each year i enjoy going to the exploratorium workshop . it 's a family oriented event , with plenty of things for kids to see and do . my favorite area is the woodworking display . they show you how to make many nice items with wood . there are also many interesting guest speakers at the event .
there is a local street fair that has everything from fur coats ... ... to old typewriters . does anyone even use those anymore ? there is handmade jewelry . also questionable electronics . you can even buy beat up old pans if that is what you fancy .
the violinist played throughout the entire ceremony the flower girls made sure flowers were everyone and the bread had a lead in the flowers were pretty and they were on the sidelines
the work environment is very friendly at my new job . although , some are more serious than others . the view from my office makes it all worth it . i 'd say , working for organization location location is very rewarding . my boss seems to appreciate me and even gave me a raise .
a group of friends having a get together party . they start posing for pictures and are having a good time . a lady falls down and it causes everyone to look at her . good times and memories are being made as they all share a beer and pose for a picture . after the picture they start getting up and dancing .
the drinks were cold and numerous throughout our halloween . there were scary costumes that took a lot of work to design . there were some guys who chose not to dress up at all . as the night went on , shirts came off and the crowd got a little wilder ! luckily we all made it home in one piece with the assistance of designated drivers .
on our trip to location . stopped off for some reflecting . got to see the organization organization . granddad was ready to march with his organization . mom thoroughly enjoyed the reflecting pool . the march went off without a hitch . we all had a great time and got our message across .
it 's the first day of the movie shoot . they built scaffolding for one of the scenes . the director got up on a ladder to get the best angle . he is very dedicated to his art . no matter the position , high or low , he is always willing to get the shot .
special report : a new breed of flower has been discovered ! scientists wonder about the strange purple dots . but then it was discovered that the flowers were planted in whine . reports find that it was grown by a drunk gardener . we did not receive any comment from him .
this is my friend . he invited me to go to a concert with him . i am so excited to be going to a concert ! the band is playing . i love this band ! they are the best . i am so excited to be here ! what a great concert ! i am having such a good time . i 'm so glad i was able to come !
the cyclists rounded up , ready for the marathon . they breached the woods and headed for the trail . there were many types of terrain and jumps . the cyclists had to cross narrow bridges . they eventually exited the woods and stopped for a quick rest .
the basketball game was a lot of fun yesterday . i brought the entire family with me . we all had a great time . the mascot was very entertaining . the band also played music for everyone .
our office at organization is called the millenium falcon office . we have a model of the falcon , sort of a mascot for us . that shows something about the guys i work with . they do n't take themselves overly seriously . we have a lot of meetings , but we also have a lot of laughs . we try to get together to have a meal at a restaurant at least once a month .
swimming is the first part of the race . biking is the second part of the race . running is the third part of the race . a racer needs some water to keep going . the winners circle with medals and trophies .
it was time for our yearly party . there were a lot of people there in really weird costumes . this lady was having a really good time and i loved her costume . we had a blast . there was a lot of laughter and joking around . at the end of the night there were some people that were really tired , but others wanted to keep going .
military and citizen volunteers gathered to discuss how to deal with the recent crisis . city leaders got involved , learning exactly what needed to be done . some of the volunteers handled the sandbags . others were on hand to direct traffic . it truly was an inspiring group effort .
i start my day with my dog , petey . i love him so much ! then i study in the park . i love hanging out by this big shade tree . this hat was a gift from my mom . here 's petey again . time for bed . good night !
before heading to the race , we stopped at organization for coffee . when we arrived to the race , we had to register . after that we had to pick up our t-shirts . some of us wore costumes for the race . everyone gathered and was ready for the race .
i 'd like my wife to break into underwear modeling , so i took some shots of her . i think she 's as pretty as anyone i 've seen in catalogs . she has gorgeous hair , and she looks great in fancy clothes . it was fun taking the pictures ! i hope she gets a big contract soon . it will be fun for her , and would certainly help the budget !
the city is very crowded with people . the cops watch over to keep it safe . we are getting ready to set up the party . we are carrying the table . [male] is adjusting everything just right .
this is a new rocket subway being installed in location . it 's built underground to keep from disturbing roads already in place . the stations run for several blocks each . in just a few months this area will be full of passengers . this is a smaller eraly morning commuter version pulling in .
a old man was sitting at his house . his daughter visited him and showed several interesting pictures from her last trip . there was a lot of unusual fish sculptures . they were pretty amusing and funny . even places these fishes located were strange .
it 's a big day in the town of tide location . the local football team is in the championship . the announcer has a live feed going to a local radio station . many people are having parties at home to celebrate . after winning the game , everyone settled down for a nice evening under the stars .
they camped outside in the tents in the city many different families came to visit the great city of chicago they sang prayers at night rejoicing the people they sang these songs for hours and hours at the end everyone was happy and went to sleep in their tents
we got together with all our college friends last week . it was amazing to see that we all had kids now . my own [female] and [male] were joined by lots of other little ones . we tried to act college cool , but it 's harder with a million kids in tow ! some of the parents were anti-tv , but i figured it was my house and i 'd put the tv on if i wanted to . i loved seeing all the little ones show their parents that they were n't as cool as they thought !
we attended a kid 's play date at which the children were initially wary of each other . i think once the adults detached themselves from their kids , the kids felt better about exploring . [female] first tentatively tried playing with some educational toys set on a table . but she quickly moved onto the more mobile toys , like the train ride . she willingly gave the camera a smile when i asked .
this is my place of employment . it 's awesome enough that it has a buffalo statue out front . also , we make whiskey . i make whiskey , specifically . that 's me in back there . free bottles for everyone !
we all got together for my parents aniversary . we had amazing steak to celebrate . we had a few making speeches and be funny . there was a few sentimental moments thrown in . then it quickly turned funny again .
it was going to be a bad night . some no brain thought it was going to be a good idea to play truth and dare in a restaurant . dont know why they thought this was going to be a good idea . after a bit most of the group split up and got their own table . me and charlie just went home .
i went to class for the first time today . some people were very happy to see me . i had a great time there . i took a lot of pictures . it was a lot of fun .
mother was busy in the kitchen preparing the food . in the backyard , a canape was set up with folding chairs for the guests . mother received several cards . she also got two cakes from friends . her son wolfed down his meal and forgot to say thank you .
a woman documented some of her typical routines . she got dressed in normal clothes . the woman did laundry , carefully washing clothes of similar colors . she baked lasagna in a white dish in an electric oven . she concluded her day by tiredly falling asleep .
she is having her eighteenth birthday party . a group of her classmates pose for the camera . her two best friends attend the party . they all sing `` happy birthday '' to the girl . she makes a wish before blowing out the candles .
there was a cookout with friends and family met up for some stories and the kids played together the parents loved seeing the babys it was a wonderful day for kids and adults
[male] went to his friend 's get-together at the bar . everyone was having a great time drinking . [male] was the one chugging the most alcohol . he was so drunk he passed out on the table . [male] was confused at the situation and went home .
there were many cars on the road and they were all bunched up because the police came in their van while the people watched what was going on .
in order to hallucinate a wedding , i bought some lsd from these two guys . it was n't long before we started tripping , i thought i was dressed up to marry a complete stranger . all my friends appeared out of nowhere , their faces were so strange . i thought i could hide with my imaginary bride , but for some reason i thought someone was watching us wherever we went . then i flew away with my random bride , past the clouds , out of earth 's orbit , and into outer space .
i helped pin a medal on my best friend 's lapel before the interview . our commanding officer then went over some questions with him and other candidates . they were then ushered into a room filled with commanding officers . they had to then explain why they deserved the promotion . the officers then went into a side chamber to decide who would get it .
the security guard is standing guard over the upcoming presser . reporters are now gathered waiting for the presser to begin . they have set up tents for their organizations . the satellite trucks have arrived and are awaiting the presser . a reporter gives us a view of the latest newspaper headlines .
it is the start of a national rose competition and [female] is judging . [female] makes her way past many different roses but comes across one that looks spectacular . she knows that , as a judge , she must examine each rose thoroughly . [female] dips close and examines each rose keeping an eye out for wilted petals and other abnormalities . she even takes out a magnifying lens and realizes that this rose is absolutely perfect . [female] gives the rose the highest score .
in our vacation to location location city we got on a subway for the first time . it was so crowded people were pushing and shoving . we could n't find a place to sit so we had to stand and we held on to the poles . as soon as some people got up to get off at the next stop i sat by a girl who had huge pink and blue sunglasses . i gave [male] a look from the corner of my eye and we laughed .
the speaker was excited about his upcoming speech . because he would be speaking on issues that were very important to him . he outlined many important issues . and stressed their importance . he was satisfied with his speech .
[male] worked very hard for years on his art . it was the night of his first gallery show . one of his pieces of art was cheese with blood flowing from it . he also made art that was n't cheese based . the gallery opened and people came in to judge the art .
the cars were parked in a line on the street . we were giving honor to someone who fell in battle . the casket had the beautiful flag on it . the ceremony was on point and started on time . at the end , the pope gave a small word .
someone was a little grumpy on the road trip . the sun made for a wonderful view . we came across some beautiful sights . there were boards to help identify things . our car after we finally settled in for the night .
everyone is lined up . they are being visited by high-level officials . they are giving them a new mission and evaluating the troops . the troops are concerned . however , the officials are happy with what they 've seen .
picture day , this is the one of the entire group ! a subgroup within the family , great smiling faces . two amazing women , mothers , and grandmothers ! a picture of some of the girls . a very sweet family who helps hold the large unit together .
this is a picture of a macbook air . this is a picture of a man welding . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of a mask . this is a photo of a black mask .
the conference was held in big open place . several speakers participated . they took their time and answered patiently all questions . it got too late and people were in hurry to get home . the conference was pretty long , but they served nice food during the break .
field day had finally come . all of the kids were excited to start their relays . the relays started they took off . they all lined up together inside too . there were relays for everyone to enjoy .
this was when my town had a snowstorm . the cars could n't even drive , the snow was so deep . all of the businesses were closed due to the snowy weather . the firetrucks drove around , and made sure everything was ok . the snow was beautiful to see at night .
the home team was ready for today 's big game . the visiting team huddles for a bit prior to the start of the game . there seemed to be some sort of issue that needed to be resolved between the coaches . after a few minutes , some technicality was explained and soon everyone took position . the game started and proved to be a very exciting afternoon .
as the sun was setting yesterday i knew i was really far from the restaurant . i was n't entirely sure where it was but i decided to walk around and see if i could find it . it began to get very dark . once it was night time it made it a lot harder to see . i gave up trying to find the restaurant and went home instead .
the race was coming to an end and the people were running fast . the walkers were finishing too before they sped up and finished the race too .
i bought my mother a bouquet when i came home from my freshman year of college . i wanted her to know how much she meant to me . she was very happy , in her own special quiet way . she made me a huge batch of dumplings right away . that is how she shows love . her beef and scallions made me so happy . i love my mother .
i invited all my friends over to my house today so that we could play together . we had a great time . we played lots of games together . after a while we got tired . we sat on the floor and watched movies together .
there were a lot of people at the school today . all of the students showed up to class . the instructor was very impressed . we had a final next week . after class we stayed to chat .
the museum had a lot of art and sculptures that were quite random in shape . they came in all sizes and would surprise you by what they looked like .
there was a conference meeting at work today . i took a lot of notes . i had to give a speech the whole time . afterward we had some time to chat together . we also took a group photo with everyone .
[male] is leaving the job [male] will be missed . [male] has lots of co-workers that really like him . we wish you the best [male] . hey man good luck , stay cool .
the wildlife is magnificent . this bird is displayed in beauty . there is so much diversity . everything is beaming with life . the colors are everywhere from the bird to the butterfly .
this is a big explosive shell . there are lots of shells and other weapons in the share house . the weapons were unboxed and inspected . the shells were brought out for inspection . they prepared to load them on ship .
today is graduation day . we get to wear these funny cloaks instead of cap and gown . here we are ready to celebrate . met up with more friends , tonight is fun . end to ta perfect night .
after years of hard work , it was time for her to graduate . it was a major achievement . she wore her cap and gown with pride . as she stood with her fellow classmates , she reflected on her journey . it was a sentimental time .
for halloween the grown ups all gathered for a costume party at the neighbors house . indiana jones was there . everyone enjoyed the themed drinks . and then we all took photographs . towards the end everyone was tired and went home .
grandma was admitted to the hospital last week . she was given medication and some juice to make her feel better . the hospital kept her overnight to make sure she was feeling better . next week she was back at work being a teacher . we took her out for dinner to celebrate her getting better .
getting the horse trailer loaded up for the dinner . mom and dad posing by the door of the trailer before we start eating . look at the spread they made for us . our family is waiting to get in for the yummy food . the line has formed and we are ready to go eat some good food .
i had my indiana jones costume on and had a beverage in hand at my friend 's annual halloween party . the party included tons of drink and food options thanks to our wonderful host , who 's seen here working hard in the kitchen . there were lots of people there , so sometimes the party spilled out onto the front stoop . [male] 's costume was my favorite . i hate clowns and he kept sneaking up behind me and scaring me , but ultimately it was funny . the gang had a great time . i ca n't wait for another year to pass so we can attend another party .
there were a lot of old buildings . there were old phone booths as well . the market had vegetables everywhere . you could pick whatever fruit you wanted . then when it got dark the streets became mostly empty .
at the car expo , there were a number of different vendors , each with their own make and model to display . one of the cars , an orange muscle car seemed notable especially because of the design of the bumper . other cars were designed off of classic roadsters , but were modern in the design and technological implementation . towards the back of the expo floor there was even a race car , complete with some of the items from the pit . another race car was notable because of the 70s like design that covered it .
arriving to work my first day as an intern , i overheard two accountants having a discussion in the hallway . i then went to see my boss and his assistant to find out what i needed to do . i waited for one of the partners to get off the phone so i could ask for the file needed . i then took the file to the business manager so she could input the information from the file into the firm 's computer system . then , she gave me a diagram to put in the conference room as a reference for the staff meeting at the end of the day .
each year location location location holds a halloween parade for it 's guests . the guests are encouraged to dress up in costumes and celebrate . kids especially love this event and take advantage of the opportunity to be goofy and play make believe . mr . incredible and his son even show up ! everyone loves a good halloween celebration .
the party invitations were creative and colorful . it was held outdoors and indoors . interesting foods made up the menu . friends came dressed in colorful attire . the rsvps were very high for this event .
a church group gathered today . one by one , they told their life story . this girl was very serious for the event . this man enjoyed talking about his life . lastly , these women sang the gospel .
while playing ice hockey , one man skates by an orange cone with the puck . the player takes the puck and is skating with it . now another player has the puck and the goalie watches as he begins to hit the puck his direction . the player is aiming the puck to the goal . the goalie is ready to block the puck as the other player takes his shot .
my friend [male] likes to do skateboard tricks . one day we went to the park to take pictures . [male] jumped off a set of stairs in a spectacular form . the sun shined down on the trees and made a nice scenery . we noticed there were palm trees everywhere as we left .
the yearly family reunion always had the best food . while nana got everything set up for lunch the kids loved playing with bubbles . this year we got them a bubble machine . the adults had some fun of their own . uncle [male] always made fun of the beer cooler . when the bubbles were gone we had to find something else to entertain the kids .
[female] and [male] 's wedding was so much fun . the floral arrangements were so beautiful . the best man gave a great speech . [female] 's dad did a great job with the photography . the family had lots fun posing for pictures .
the kid was telling about his project that he was winning . then the man talked to his staff about the kids project to give an award to .
new years eve 2011 . we watched the last day of 2010 end . beautiful sky as it got dark . people looked up and waited for midnight ! beautiful lights in the neighborhood . we looked up as the time hit midnight . it was 2011 !
we are on our way to location . look how low the clouds hang . this pueblo of zuni sign made me feel like i was in the location location . we are officially entering into location and so is the rain . the winds were so strong during the storm , this sign was blown over we stopped in for some mexican , american food to end the night .
my friend got married to a guy named [male] today . they did n't look as happy as i thought they would . [male] gave my friend a long , passionate kiss . the couple stood outside and asked for me to take their photo . all in all , their wedding day turned out nice .
dad was so proud of us , that his smile threatened to engulf his whole face . we had made it to the big city . there i am , with mitch : is n't he darling in his suit ? there 's [male] and his wife [female] ; i ca n't believe she did n't tuck her antennas in ! that 's just the sort of thing the humans notice ! highly intoxicated , the irish [male] indicated he 'd like two more beverages , while his mates posed with him for a photograph . and there , deep in the crowd , a lone stranger held up a sign , trying to warn his peers , but to no avail .
here we are stopping for a rest trying to figure out what this is , but it 's amazing . i wonder what is behind here . loving the waterfall in woods . walking across the bridge to get tot the other side .
at [male] 's party , lots of folks hung out in the back yard playing catch . they all enjoyed getting outside for some football . some people mostly liked throwing the ball . other people mostly liked catching . everyone had fun , even people who decided to sit a round out .
the bride 's guests were ready to eat . the guests were able to choose what they want off the menu . some of the guests had choose fish . most of the guests had the meat . the dessert was delicious .
the inside of the rv was modified a lot . wood paneling , granite counter tops , lighting fixtures and padded seating were all installed . this renovations seemed to open up a lot of space . the outside of it was left relatively unchanged . however , the windows were covered before the big reveal .
children await for the event to happen . once started , two girls are seen jumping in excitement . a child in a red jacket is focused on the wool . after much energy , the children need a break from the action . finally , the event goes on with another game .
today it was graduation for all of the high schoolers ! they all got ready and made their way to the ceremony . they did get to goof off a little bit though beforehand . the ceremony was long and everyone was tired and cramped . but the kids were all very happy to be out of high school !
walking int he market on a sunny and cold day . the dad goofy and funny and telling jokes . the son was smiling at his dad jokes . the mother and the son were getting hungry . decided to eat street food and enjoyed it .
the road was clear of snow near the water . there was a man kneeling near the grave of someone that he knew .
it was an important game day at organization . the crowd was excited . everyone stood up during the national anthem . when the anthem was over everyone cheered . organization organization has a vibrant football culture .
the show in location location was absolutely stunning . the show girls put on an excellent performance . the lead guitarist of that band i like was doing some serious shredding during the set . the other guitarist was putting on a show for sure . he was tossing his guitar every which way . the lead singer looked right at us and i could swear he winked at me . this is from the last song of the night ; it was such a wonderful time to listen to that band play .
the children had a fun time at the costume party . the loved having their faces painted . the entire class behaved well so everyone got to participate . they played guessing games indoors . they loved the dance show they got to witness the teachers doing .
she was very excited to get a good seat that day . the band members had brought their instruments . these two girls were nervous about their performance . this girl was quite confident . the flutist had a solo that day .
she had smoked pot right before . so had she . they smoked pot everyday of high school . would n't you know it , they still graduated . they should bring it in by the crateful according to them .
[male] took me to shay rouge tonight . it was so fancy . we had pate de meat . it was $ 50 a plate ! i had to snap another picture of it because it was just a shock of how much it actually cost ! we shared a plate and the waiter snubbed his nose at us . next we had raw beef . it gets prepared and cooked for 3.9 seconds in the broiler and then served . wow it 's cold . the dessert after dinner was unusual . it contained fish eggs . for a $ 600 dinner it sure was crap !
this is a picture of a crowd . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of a man wearing glasses . this is a picture of two women . this is a picture of two people .
we got the the race and were extremely excited ! the racers all headed off to the trail to get started . for a long time the guy in blue was leading the pack . but i was catching up with him and i knew that i had the determination to win . in the end some guy that we did n't even know ended up beating us both somehow , i am guessing doping was involved somehow .
ginny and [male] 's wedding was the best day of their life . looking back at pictures now they laughed . they loved having these amazing memories together . even 5 years later they were so happy to be together . they were happier than ever now .
the room was dimly lit and the table was set . there were many guests who showed us to discuss . some of the partners took a group photo . they were ecstatic about the progress of our company . together , as a department , we are changing the world .
traffic was heavy . the stop light had stopped working . someone called the police . the policeman got out to direct the traffic by hand . one driver paid no attention and caused an accident .
it was wonderful seeing my parents again . my cousin was at the party too . the restaurant they had the reunion at was beautiful . dad got the three of us together for the photo . i got my aunt to take this picture and get josh in it .
my first thanksgiving turkey looks good . not bad for a beginner . some southern fried yams is a delicacy in this household . here is the star of the show . letting it rest before carving . here i am carving this yummy bird . it turned out so juicy and moist . grandma made her famous spinach cream cheese dip as an after dinner snack . good food and good times .
a harvard student wore his exams to the party with a guy with rainbow hair . [male] also made an appearance to save the girl from the clown . the pimp was the coolest guy of all .
it 's normal to see fireworks like this one and they are a bit run of the mill . what 's neat though is to see things like this where the fireworks workers mess around and create something truly unique . their creativity continuing throughout the show . then before you know it they are back to the beginning again , only this time things are a bit different . there intention seems to almost be to bring the fireworks as close as possible .
we went to the mega flower shop in the city . many people were hauling in fresh flowers from afar . a lady is selling some nice orange flowers . this man has huge sacks full of flowers to sell . some vendors got creative with how they display and sell their flowers .
the morning brought fresh air and the trees were lively . i found a leaf on the ground . we took the trail to find the nearest bridge . when we arrived at the bridge , we realized we were five minutes away from home . when we got home , we took a picture from inside .
many family members were their with their students , all excited . this girl was clearly very happy to be graduating ! students gather in groups , nervous or excited and usually a bit of both . these two friends look forward to entering the real world . this fun structure brought some whimsy to the day .
the family arrived at the lodge for a day of fun . they went outside to see what animals they might see . they first saw a bald eagle . after awhile they came across a dear in the distance . they later took a walk and saw the beautiful mountains in the distance . finally to complete they day they went on a helicopter tour . what a great day for the family !
the rave promised to be a great party . the man was ready for an exciting night , and hoped to scare a few friends with his mask . the friends were not loosened up yet , but the night was still young ! the party was filled with colors and lights . the friends crowded together to chat . the girl hoped her angel costume would be a big hit .
the day of our family vacation finally arrived . we made out way down to the lake after leaving our belongings int eh lodge . there were a lot of other people out on the river . they really looked like they were having fun as well . after a good swim we headed back to the lodge to relax .
people gather together in the cold to go for a swim . the water still has sheets of ice in it . some people are there just to watch and take pictures . it`s a big event that happens every year . that water is completely freezing , those are some brave people .
it was the big wedding day . her father walked her down the aisle . she made it to her soon to be husband . they were finally officially married . they were so excited to be a real family .
i had to get ready for my performance yesterday . i was practicing for it for a month . i was nervous during the event but it was okay . i brought my dog with me to the event . my friends and family were there to support me . my dog was also there to support me .
the man was organizing his cheese that he had a lot of . he also had other vegetables like pototoes and mushrooms as well as strawberries .
this is a picture of a crowd . this is a picture of the army . this is a picture of soldiers . this is a picture of a sign . this is an interview .
the misty mountains looked gorgeous this morning . and everyone gathered here seemed to truly appreciate it . this shed was oddly captivating . and at night there was a tangible sense of excitement . the next morning we saw tons of really cool animals .
the view of where my friend is getting married . the cute guest of honor ! vows being exchanged about how they love each other . first dance as husband and wife ! cutting of the cake ! time to eat !
the club was having a costume night . a lot of women dressed up in scantily clad garments . [male] einstein made an appearance at the nightclub . a troupe of high school cheerleaders danced their way in the club . everyone drank and danced a lot and lots of fun was had .
the couple eagerly drove to their friend 's wedding ceremony , eager to share their wishes . the place where the wedding would be held was small , but very picturesque , which was perfect for the occasion . the certificate of marriage was done very soon after and the couple eagerly signed the license . at the reception , a number of guests shared happy wishes and hopeful advice for the future . afterwards , everyone brought out cake and the children were especially happy for it .
i recently ordered a bunch of new computers for my home office . i also bought new desks so that i had a place to put the computers . the desks were surprisingly dusty so i spent at least 30 minutes cleaning them . once all of the computers were setup i determined where i should put them . i really enjoy natural light so i settled on a nice place by a window .
the wedding dress for the big day the bride stairs out the window from the reception room excited for today the brides party all together in matching dresses now the flower girl is having some fun with bubbles the pet hedgehog even came to congratulate the married couple
this is my brother [male] at our family reunion . he brought his wife with him . they got into an argument and she began to avoid him . she spent most of the time with my parents . she also spent some time with my other brother [male] .
our group posed in front of the bounce house at the school 's yearly charity fair . we had a place where people could get their photo taken dressed in historical clothing . our fraternity set up an informational table for prospective members to ask questions . another group had an activities table for the small children . i was pound of the entire team that worked so hard to make the day a success .
lat night i went out for drinks with my girlfriends , this is [female] . my freind jesee was really enjoying herself . [female] was quoting a freind of hers in this picture . the is my freind [female] looking great as usual . my freind [female] always has a great smile when taking pictures .
babysitting the niece and nephew for the night . he decided this game looked fun , insisted on playing . she was more interested in my photo taking than the cartoons . he decided to help himself out just a little . dessert was devoured in minutes , now bath time..
at this school , soccer ruled . if you could n't play you could stand on the side and look like you did . get that ball , ya bruiser . give me that ball . ut oh , a whistle was blown , make that two whistles .
every weekend we go to the market to get fresh food . here are some of the fresh vegetables that we pick up . we usually get one bread loaf from the bakery inside of the market . these pumpkins are so sweet and taste great in pies . on our way out of the market we always make sure to get some cabbage .
the boss gave the company tickets to see the women 's basketball organization game . after heading out with a few workers to the game , we saw a few of the girls that were going to be playing at the game . the place was crowded , but the seats we had gave us a great view of the game . at the end of the game , two opposing players greeted one another with a handshake . the home town won the game . we were surprised by how close the game was in points .
the town was hosting a local baseball game . every one came to cheer their local team on . most of the people got really into it , rooting for the team . when the local team hit a home run , the whole audience cheered . at the end of the day , even though the team did n't win , every one had a good time watching .
today was the day that i could be a leprechaun . we started to set up for the party . my friend has his st. [female] attire on . we definitely needed a break after the hard work . today was definitely exhausting but we got everything together . what a day !
i went down to the beach last week . it was a lot of fun there . the waves were slamming against the rocks . we sat in the shade when it was too hot . we had to bike back home afterward .
a crowd is gathered together for new years . a man and woman wear headpieces for the new year . the group is gathered together for warmth . two of the people are wearing strange costumes . finally some fireworks take place .
such a beautiful wedding display . the beautiful bride and her father walking down the isle . saying their vows to each other . crushing of the glass ceremony . the bride and groom leaving on their little boat !
even though the sky seemed cloudy , with a chance of drizzle , the attendants were eager to start exploring the festival . there were a number of exhibitions taking place , one such showcased how to probably take care of one 's yard . there were many different types of plants for sale and many couples could n't resist walking home with one . at the festival there were also arts and crafts contents , which made the winners very happy . there were also a number of craft booths set up ; many of them run by a whole family .
the teen outreach group went on a hike . the kids were all very excited to get to explore nature . they got up close and personal with the wild . and stopped for a break and a picnic lunch . they were all very impressed by the majesty of the outdoors .
she was getting ready for her big day finally . there was a lot of preparation to be done . she could not have been any happier . the flowers arrived and were perfect . she liked the purple ones the best .
this guy was in the groove , he could n't stay still ! the crowd was so into it , he made sure to face the mic our way so we could be heard as well ! i was so close to the stage , i was practically face to face with the singers . and when he was n't singing , he was jamming on the guitar . this was such an awesome concert , i 'd see it again !
the stands for the ball game were packed . the mascots were ready to go . fans watched the scoreboard closely . it was a very close game . in the end , we won !
[male] bought an abandoned storage lot at an auction . it had an old record player in it that had n't been used for years . [male] worked hard getting the stuff out of the small room . the person that had owned the room must have taken calculus ( ugh ) and save their note book . when he was done cleaning out the room , went went to get something to eat .
my friends and i threw an awesome toga party last night . loud music , cool glasses to a lot more in between . it was a good time had by all . my closest friends were able to make it out . i was trying to be serious in some of the photos , but i busted out laughing afterwards . my friends sure are a crazy bunch , but i would n't have it any other way .
the photo shot was hipster themed . people posed in the middle of a dirty room . some had dramatic poses . others did n't know what to do . but this lady made sure to make the most out of the experience .
my family went for a hike on a snowy day in the woods . mom loves to take pictures of me . dad loves to take pictures of me and mom . my dog does n't like to get his picture taken . it was nice to be back in the warm car driving home .
the village was muddy and unpaved . the children were very grateful for the attention received . one child was very handy with the bike . one of the camp leaders all read books to the group of children . another leader taught about the details of the operation .
this lady wants to look fashionable before she goes out . she goes on her motorcycle . she prepares to go to the race . she arrives at the race and changes into more appropriate clothing . other people are racing . they are trying to conserve their energy for the whole race . other people are also racing . they are trying to win .
the sifewalked was painted . the flowers were very tall and beautiful . pumpkins rested on the balcony . it took a lot of work to get our creations on the roof . this pumpkin won the competition .
my friends and i all dressed for a party ! these people stretch on for miles ! such an exciting night everyone is having fun ! look at these crazy characters ! these guys were my favorite , they were so weird !
my grandma and grandpa came to visit . they brought there friends . i had a beer and talked a lot . the ladies went outside to talk . everyone loved the flowers .
there were many stop lights along the way but we finally made it to the concert . they already had a band playing . there was a lot of equipment set up in the street . many people were attending . afterward we all bought some souvenirs .
the fight was on . this is war . we have landed . time to dominate . we will not lose .
our town can offer a different sort of street food experience . have to be dressed comfortably , to maximize the experience ! people are already gathering together for food . other than the food itself , cars are offered to dine in . the cars can offer quite a cozy get-together .
we decided to have an event at the church so we had a chance to meet and get to know new members . some of us arrived early to prepare . our friend gave a speech about what the church meant to her . a couple of new members listened intently . we had refreshments to serve after the services .
today is the first day of training camp for [female] and ember . they pose in sweet poses for the camera so mom can remember them this way . they also make fun faces as well , trying to enjoy their innocence while they can . it is hard for them to smile as they wave goodbye . they are excited to start their training to become extreme gymnasts though .
it was [female] and [male] 's wedding day . they signed their marriage certificate and went off to their reception . the flowers at their reception were a beautiful orange with pink accents . as they walked into their reception everyone admired [female] 's dress . instead of a traditional wedding cake , [female] opted for cupcakes from a local bakery . [female] and [male] were in love and so happy to finally be married .
getting to [male] 's favorite diner was not easy . it involved a boat ride down the river . [male] 's brother had a boat , though , so that made it a little better . when [male] and his brother saw the sign for the diner at the dock , they were elated ! they ordered their favorites , sitting at the bar , and watched the chef cook them up excitedly .
when i went on vacation last weekend i saw many huge buildings . the city was very beautiful at night . my hotel had a lovely lobby . i brought my friend with me . we had a great time there together .
a crowded city street that is close to the market . shoppers picking out fruits and veggies at the market . once everything is bought it 's home to prepare dinner . another stand selling a variety of wares . scooter rental shop in case you do n't want to walk .
the amount of pictures to view from the cruise was overwhelming . all of the signs there looked like this . here is the view as we approached the city on our boat . here we are leaving the harbor to go snorkeling . i received the package from the trip today , everything seems to be in order .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i love this place
my first week in location , location . some of the first things i noticed is that the japanese people really like anime . and they love playing dress up . everything has to be a sexy variation of a uniform . this is my favorite anime out of all of them .
today we got a cat . we decorated the house for the occasion . we named the cat moose and gave him pets . we made a delicious salad . he was getting so much love .
that 's me in the upper left . eight years old and full of it ! here i am with my brothers . i 'm in the middle . 12 years old . still full of it . i am now 16 ! now i 'm full of myself . and here i am at 20 . what a dashing young man if i do say so myself . 25 years old and on my wedding day with my beautiful bride and my mother . now she 's full of it !
it was our first big backyard barbeque of the summer . we invited all of our friends . we all sat around and caught up with each others ' lives . [male] started the fire pit . look at those flames ! everyone put hot dogs on skewers and roasted them over the fire . we all had a great time hanging out until very late in the night . it was a great party !
the big game was scheduled for today . as we walked toward the entrance we saw the marching band lining up outside . the college was enormous with huge columns flanking the doors . they showed alot of school pride . we sat just in the nick of time to see the opening ceremony !
exploring under the highways exposed a barren side of the land . we loved the view out of the window . we even went to check out the outskirts of the city . our classes were always interesting . the teacher gave it her all in lessons .
we saw beautiful flowers during our trip to location , as well as many other things with which we were not familiar . we bought keychains to bring back home for friends . we walked through the train station and saw many people hurrying to their destination . we could n't leave until we bought a bear from the local stand stationed there .
down near the beach spectators stop to watch the firework show on the fourth of july . in the beginning there is a ground show . then it breaks into the high loud booming colorful fireworks . these one were exceptionally loud . it was cool to see some other fireworks show off in the distance as well . here is the beginning to the end of the show with the spectacular finale .
we landed at the airport on a snowy day . when we arrived , we sat down to have a large meal . then we had desert after the meal . we arrived to our hotel to check in . after that we took a walk in the snow .
the new baby was brought to the new house to visit . the parents relaxed on the couch while the kids played . the brother bonded with his new sister . after we had some more wine and grandma read the baby a new short story .
this is [male] and [female] 's beautiful wedding day . this has to be the most beautiful flower arrangement for a wedding ever made . here is the grooms family having a good time at the reception . [male] and marv our trying to out do each other in getting that perfect picture . here is a great picture of the wedding party .
i went for a ride on my boat last week . i stopped in a very grassy field . there were many clouds in the sky . afterward it became very dark . i decided to leave before it began to rain .
the restaurant was full of people waiting to eat great tasting food . the guys got together to get a quick pic together . the building looked classic with the light 's reflection beaming from it . they has such a great time , and the beer was great . seeing the colorful lights made the night worthwhile .
the guy was giving a speech by a large wood podium and it was going well . he was happy and took many photos after .
i saw a squirrel in the tree in my back yard . it amazes me how they can cling to the trees . he came down out of the tree and stopped . i began to move slowly towards him . he did n't seem to mind that i was getting close to him .
the vacation home was very beautiful and had chickens outside . the owner held the chicken even though the chicken did not like it . it had a baby chicken that same day .
the beautiful city of location location can be seen . the location location location is shown over the location location location . the location location location is red . this big tower stands tall . the people stand above the view with the location location location behind them .
the wedding reception was really fun ! the bride and groom were very happy . even the mother-in-laws were n't being obnoxious . the bride and groom cut the cake together . everyone had a good time .
the preacher ran a late night christmas mass ceremony . the nativity scene is still set up . the candelabra candles are still burning well into the night . the church lets the people out into the dark night . with enough time to stop and look at a display window of location 's workshop .
far off places are always interesting to visit . you get to meet new people and have a good time . even our military gather around the cities . there are shows that are played for the visitors . the night is followed up with a concert in the park .
today was the day . the officer would finally catch someone speeding . he finally found someone who was speeding . time to get into action however the person was far too fast . faster than the cop cars in fact ! the car unfortunately got away . officer speedly still reflects on that day as his biggest regret .
it was the start of my wedding day as i marveled at my beautiful dress hanging up . our cute little flower girl got the day started for us . is n't she adorable ? i took some pictures with my bridesmaids ; i love them so much . my cake was small , but it was perfect . by the end of the night i was blowing bubbles for fun , it brought me back to the great memories i had as a child .
yesterday after i was bored so i called all of my friends to come over . i made cupcakes for everyone before they arrived . eventually some people started showing up . we had a lot of fun chatting with each other . i had a great time and i hope everyone can come over again soon .
six year old batman went to school today ! he made lots of friends . he even met his 1960 's self ... and even got a girlfriend ! [female] stayed home .
the guys at organization are having a party.. they even brought some of their toys from home . they laughed and talked about space some . then they had a important meeting of the minds . after the meeting everyone was hungry and they had a nice little lunch
[female] found a recipe for a roast chicken wrapped in bacon . the chicken was so tender that it fell off the bone . she decided to pair it with some romaine . orange slices give the romaine a nice tangy taste . now it 's time to enjoy the meal .
[male] found the baseball game so boring that he decided to read a book instead . others in the crowd also seem to grow bored during the game . the pitcher prepares to get an easy out with this next pitch . another perfect game for him . suddenly , a huge hit sends the ball soaring . a home run ! the play revitalized the game and [male] put down his book to see the rest of the game .
i went down to the market to buy some seafood . after that we bought some sheets . i also stopped to see if their wicker baskets were any good . we went to grab a ride on the bus . when we got off there was a beautiful motorcycle parked nearby .
we began our trip of location looking at this dragon . so cool . i befriended this old man and asked him where i can find some trinkets at . he pointed me to this vendor who had these adorable key chains ! i also wanted to buy this pig but it was out of my price range . even the graffiti in the city was strangely exotic . i loved my china trip .
the conference held a book store as well . you can purchase patriotic books . some of the authors were present . the speakers took turns talking about issues . they took questions afterwards .
we 're exploring the forest today there are a lot of interesting trees and growth . there are even wild monkeys . there are some wild monkeys among our group too exploring god 's creation is marvelous .
he liked to think of himself as [male] draper . she knew he was no [male] draper . she put on the evening gloves he had given her . the children enjoyed the hot chocolate around the christmas tree . after the children had all gone to bed , they tried to smoke but found it disgusting .
some historic items are displayed at the university exhibit . [female] the riveter is a famous symbol of women 's contribution to war . the exhibit includes newspaper clipping of significant events . more clippings and pictures help tell the story of the university . some famous teams and students from long ago are also honored .
i went to the street fair today to find some clothing and other goodies . i found some antique type writers i just had to have . and some vintage jewelry for my mom . i ca n't believe people were trying to sell their old outdated junk . one person even tried to sell their dirty , used pot !
it 's a gorgeous day to be outside . we 're enjoying the sights and the peaceful atmosphere . the fresh air is a wonderful addition , and we ca n't get enough of it ! moving further away adds to the serenity and does n't diminish the regal beauty . the clear water lapping at the shores adds a harmony with nature that never gets old .
what a unique place to visit . it had stood for such a long time . everywhere you looked had a spectacular view . the world was just different from here . it had great natural defenses that made it impenetrable .
today we picked to get a new healthcare for our state . alot of people showed up . this room was filled to capacity . these are some who attended the meeting . this is [male] , he was fully into this . large crowds for health care .
when i was on vacation i had a very unique experience . i got to play with many monkeys while i was there . they were very mean and took most of my food . i had little to eat while i was there because of the monkeys . after i left i was glad and i do n't want to see anymore monkeys .
[male] and [male] pose at the congressman 's office . the location building seemed to gleam in the sunlight . the steps to the organization were intimidating ! there was a small demonstration that day . i think there were about a hundred people gathered outside '
oh boy mitcham milly . that means it 's market day . look at all the safron ! and the fresh flowers . but i was here to hit the bottle !
[male] and [female] have their wedding on the sea . her dad takes her down the aisle . she patiently awaits for the ceremony to begin . the ceremony ends in the traditional jewish fashion . the newlyweds jump on a boat and head to their honeymoon .
we were waiting for the surprise of the night . everybody is laughing and having fun . the surprise of the night has arrive and starts to dance all night . the dancer has finished her moves and we take the best picture ever . of course he fellas enjoyed the show .
i had never actually been to a junk yard before . look at all of these tires ! somehow i just felt this could make a really great picture for a wall , maybe the office . this bus had definitely seen it 's better days . notice anything different about it ?
[female] looked on dispassionately . she was quite bored at this convention . so many different people in so many conversations . [male] looked at [female] with interest . bozo and [male] decided to sample a few snacks , while [male] wiped his chin . a lumberjack nodded with approval , knowing that this convention was a great idea . at the end , the large group agreed , wine makes it all better !
the building was looking very nice when the canal boat took off . the people saw an alley too before going back to the square and visiting the market .
in celebration of the end of bush 's tenure , some friends decided to have a party . crazy [male] showed up with his new fling in a shirt he stole from a 1970 's film set . [female] , the life of the party , brought his sister to the festivities . weird uncle [male] cried the whole night , as he was an avid supporter of bush . the group finally settled down to a magical and fun meal .
i love sitting by the fireplace , looking at the christmas tree . frisky must not enjoy all the holiday company because he was outside in the tree . grandma always makes her special brownie cakes for christmas . my niece and my brother in law spent a lot of quality time together . the butter pecan pie never seems to last in this house .
[female] was glad to see her father and father-in-law finally meet . before going to the synagogue , [female] 's husband [male] chats with two new congregation members . organization and [female] stop by before church to visit [female] and [male] . the rabbi leads them in prayer . organization and [female] have some refreshment and mingle with the other guests .
i went to a house party to visit with friends . there were a few friends i had n't seen in a while . it was really great to catch up with them . i saw some really nice displays as i wandered around the house . but it ended up being a crazier party than i expected and a bunch of us had to spend the night .
my son wanted to help with the ice . inside the room , the man spoke business . outsidex they talked about life . the couple was happy to be there . the couple 's son was adorable .
at the family reunion , members began to arrive eager to see one another . it had been years since many last spoke and thus , everyone was excited to share news that they had missed . even the oldest among the clan were eager to talk and share insight with the younger ones . before dinner , the patriarch of the family read from the torah and prayed over the family meal . afterwards the group began to eat and drink , making merry knowing that it would be another year before they would visit again .
there were a lot of people at the funeral . there were a lot of news helicopters in the air as well . many bikers showed up to the event as well . there had a lot of different kinds of motorcycles . i watched all of them come in .
these two woman finally got a chance to meet . they collaborated about possible future business relationships . then they gave their speech . and met some good people . before they left they got a group picture .
many people participated in the half-marathon . unfortunately , it was a rainy day . refreshments were available . after running , people needed to get warm . everyone seemed in good spirits , despite the weather .
looks like it 's race day . good luck [male] . go [male] go ! even the dog came . and this guy was signing autographs !
in the forest , hidden almost away from view was a large patch of land owned by a local farmer . there was n't any indication that anyone lived on the land , that is unless one discovered an old gate leading to the property . amongst the field there were also beautiful wildflowers that lined the fence and the farmer 's property . once inside , one would come to a large building that seemed abandoned on first glance . however , if one were to venture inside they would find an array of different livestock and animals .
the ski lodge was relatively empty . there were very few people on the slope . one person went up the hill by themselves . they then skied down by themselves . another had an entire face to himself .
our dinner last night had a lovely setting . this was the seafood bar , we went straight here after walking past the lovely decorations . this was our table , we sat with some of our colleagues . more people joined us later . after dinner we went to this bar area for drinks .
my best friend and i having a good time out doors with the crisps cool air . i am posing for a picture for my best friend to add to album . i decided to draw in the sand the date and location where we were on vacation . decided to jump from a small cliff just to have a good time and be spontaneous . looking at the water coming in on beach from up here is beautiful .
she wanted to make her husband a calendar for his birthday and she started off with sexy plaid . she then wanted to play the devil.. and , show that she would get more and more risqu . she showed her nice buttocks , which is his favorite feature on her . and , finished with a beautiful frontal .
after driving around the neighborhood for a several minutes we finally found the halloween party . there were a lot of people dressed in strange costumes . they had some scary halloween decorations . there were some people that chose not to dress up . afterward we all danced together .
it was a sunny day downtown near the clock tower . there was no one in sight , unless you count the statues . for some reason it was a quiet day around town . oh wait , that 's because it was so nice that everyone decided to go to the beach . they had a great afternoon walking up those stairs that led to the pier and then out onto the sand or into the water .
it was night time and everyone was home from skiing . [male] was out on the porch smoking . [female] joined him sipping her hot chocolate . they headed out after that , over to the mountain again . they were going to do some night time tubing tonight .
[male] is playing those drums so well at my 16th birthday party . [male] [male] is really playing that guitar well . [male] is taking pictures . this has been a good 16th birthday party . we are having fun .
[female] had saved for years for her trip to the faraway eastern city . she stayed at a large hotel in the heart of the downtown . she had brought a lot of money to buy local goods , and she fell hard for this tree trunk chair . she insisted on eating every meal at authentic local restaurants . she did n't like the food much , but she would n't admit that to herself . at night in the hotel , she browsed her many travel booklets to decide what to see the next day . she was determined this would be the trip of a lifetime .
it was the weekend farmer 's market . the townspeople began to set up things . they continued setting up all morning , until things were done soon the people began to flood in , shopping for fresh fruits . they all were excited to have the fresh produce .
there was no traffic to hamper her plans . she went to the farmers market . a variety of vegetables were available for purchase . later her son took advantage of the good weather by exploring the outdoors . a good meal was prepared from the goods from the market .
the family sits together for dinner on the first night of the annual reunion . the restaurant we chose had amazing food and everyone loved the presentation . gemma really adored the restaurants decorations and was always gazing at them . aunt harriot had a little trouble deciding what kind of wine she wanted tonight . [male] had the whole family cracking up with his jokes .
two orange and green hot wheels marked the beginning of a fun time in town today . there were people dresses in silly costumes . one man rode around on a mini bike . people lined both sides of the street to see the mini cycle drag race . everyone had fun saw lots of exciting things and swore to come back next year .
the guy with the eye patch had a great costume everyone wanted to take a photo of him . there were many good costumes overall and there was dancing at night all night long .
during christmas , the oldest son of a family of 5 got socks . the mom got a book from one of her favorite authors . dad got a new keyring so he could stop losing his keys . the youngest daughter got some new baby clothes for her newborn . the youngest son got a new video game for the organization organization
friends and family are gathering for the graduation ceremony and organization organization . everyone is finally seated so the event can begin . here are the students in line before receiving their diplomas . finally the head principle congratulates them and wishes everyone a fabulous future . this is a memorial outside for 3 students that were killed a week before the ceremony .
this lady is one of the faces of the palestinian demonstration . the voices of the crowd are loud and the symbols are vivid . this protester displays the palestinian flag . the raised fist is indicative of the intensity of the feelings being expressed . the woman continues the demonstration but the situation does n't change
friends and family came over for the cookout . dad was on grill master duty . the kids were entertained with games with one another . silly faces were made by the toy tube . the meal ended with ice cream ( though some wore it on their face ) .
when i finished my costume it did not look very impressive . my friend 's costume was much better . she was showing off . i decided to teach her a lesson . i changed my costume and then we went to the party together .
the local parish holds a craft show each year . lots of folks come out and set up tables to sell their crafts . some of these crafts are very unique and take a lot of talent to make . folks of all ages come out to peruse the crafts for sale . some of the crafters even dress up in unique costumes as part of their selling act .
the makeup artist did their job . then the show began . the place was pretty packed by then . but the event went off without a hitch . we partied then called it a night .
on my way to the military function today i saw this . `` do the bad thing . '' it got me thinking about the devil . is the devil in one of these men wearing red coats ? i stared at them studying them all one by one . i did n't see the devil in any officers either . i watched the men lined up . no devil here . i got to see firsthand and up close the soldiers in their dress whites . it was a great show and still no devil here . the music later on that night was so much fun . we sang and danced and had a great fun time . i forgot all about my mission to find the devil .
they were trying to teach dad how to use his new laptop they had gotten him . the youngsters laughed at his inability in the pool . grandma told them to get on the other side so as not to splash it . grandpa moaned , he 'd never figure this new fangled gizmo out . grandma made everyone laugh when she told him to chillax .
the streets of location are very disorganized . however , inside the market , were beautiful displays of fruits and people . the meat market also had an interesting sight . here is the fish market with a wide variety of fish . lastly , we got to see cab drivers taking a break from their hard work .
here is the room that we stayed in for vacation . relaxing before a long fun filled day of walking and shopping . breakfast at the hotel restaurant will provide a boost for the day . she is having her daily eggs and pancakes before she heads out . the outside on the hotel that we stayed at during our vacation .
the dc area would be the venue for a gay rights march all the people gathered to support their cause many ate lunch and organized together some played music in the streets and they flew their balloons at the capitol building
the artist created an interstingg picture of a skull head . the debris was covered with snow and graffiti . the individuals created an alert written on the snow . the vehicle was covered with xnow and graffiti . the snow covered the junk with people writing on the snow .
the racers unloading their bikes from the truck . the photographers ironically posing for a photo . two riders practicing before the race . the racers lined up at the starting gate . and they 're off with a loud rumble !
many people visit location location because of the bright lights . there is a large police presence to watch over the many people . construction workers set up an organization recruiting building . two workers move a metal plate from their truck . a new screen is installed in the front of the building .
there was record snowfall this year . everything was covered . thankfully i got to park in my garage . it is covered . i had to walk everywhere though .
whatever the occasion is , whether it be a birthday or wedding , or church or just a community event , there 's always a good reason to spend time with family and friends . in the end , all we have are memories . make sure they are good ones .
the soon to be groom was in good spirits the day of his wedding . he had tums and energy drinks to keep him going , since he had stayed up late the night before for his bachelor party . after he got ready , he posed with his closest friends and family . the bride and groom both looked stunning during the ceremony . everyone had a great time at the reception , eating and listening to everyone 's well wishes , jokes and speeches .
the parents and kids relax a bit for their visit to the day camp . this father explains how the new toy works to his intrigued son . this young lady gets some help from her dad assembling her birdhouse . these boys show off their creations with pride in their handiwork . many crafts projects , such as this one were available for the kids to enjoy .
[male] and i are headed out to a concert . we meet up at my place . we are excited before we go out to see our favorite rapper . once the show started it was amazing . the show went on the rest of the night .
the villagers worked hard to repair the damage from the storm . the organization organization of engineers were on hand to help . when the organization engineers fixes a broken pipe . another corpsman entertains the children . all the villagers were very happy to get help .
the man and his brother had a great time on the holiday . they spent lots of time playing together . they played video games . they even went outside . they played football together .
photographed an awesome band . there is so much that goes on behind the scenes than people realize . the drummer was setting up his drums to make sure everything was perfect . the lead singer and guitarist was on point in his practice . he sang a perfect song and played beautifully .
the church council gathered to hear about the missionary reports . it was an informal gathering as everyone sat in the sanctuary to hear the speakers . the head missionary told stories of successful work and happy children on their travels . the council listened and took notes . a luncheon with foods from the trip were served for the council .
visiting the graves of fallen american war heroes , was humbling . each grave was one life , but represented so much more . the history untold , yet forever held in quiet memories of the past . every stone and flag represented bravery and hearts of pride for this country . each fallen soldier is a part of the location location , forever more .
the helicoptor had a group of soldiers in it . this soldier is using the machine gun . once the helicoptor landed everyone had to get out . these soldiers are getting orders from their commander . once everyone got their orders it was time to head out .
mr. green is a teacher at a local high school . mr. green teaches music . mr. green has enjoyed teaching music for over 30 years . mr. green makes sure each of his students thoroughly understands each subject . mr. green 's favorite part of any of his lessons are student questions .
the museum was almost empty when i arrived . i approached the photo exhibit of the historical march . the sign had a lot if information that i did not know . i was in awe of what these people had done . the exhibit filled many rooms . i want to go back again .
today there was an assembly after class , it was voluntary , but i had nothing going on that afternoon so i attended . at first we thought it was about money around the world , but when the 2nd speaker came out with photos of a graveyard , we became very confused . unfortunately , i do n't think the speakers realize standing directly in front of the screen will result in their face telling more of the story than they hoped for . we had a good laugh though ! this was my favorite piece of equipment to learn about , many-a-nights walking home alone i 've wished i had some kind of shank-like object on me , now i know exactly what to make ! the afternoon had ended on the strangest note yet , this man did n't have anything to show us , he just came out , did a dance and ended the meeting .
the karate championship was a big hit ! all the best fighters showed their kicks . legs and fists were flying around . it was very fun to see all this action . our family came away with four trophies , we were really happy .
today was graduation day . the girl got a picture as she went up to the stage . after graduation she got a picture on the way out . she took a picture with her friend . she then took a picture with her mom and dad .
they walked by the dirty looking river . finally they found the sign directing them to the historic battlefield . after walking for awhile they found it . there was also an informational sign so that they could read about . the creepiest part was the cemetery where many of the dead were buried .
we finally arrived in the city after driving for hours . there were still some people out at this time of night . some of the streets were empty though . there were some shady looking individuals . we decided it would be best to stick together if we walk around .
i work at a coffee shop . we have a lot of big equipment that makes the coffee . the coffee is really good . each cup is made with care . even the grounds left behind are used .
look at all the flags for the race today . bringing his luggage to the race . must need a quick getaway . my ticket , hat , and program . ca n't wait ! my favorite car in the race . [female] he wins !
the newlyweds celebrated with the woman 's parents the day after their wedding . the young couple had a great time , laughing about how nervous they had been at the wedding . the husband took a picture of his new wife with her parents before they left to let the young couple enjoy their honeymoon . but before they left , the parents took a couple of pictures of the young couple . the new bride was sad to see her parents go , but also excited to spend some time with her new groom .
a perfect 4th of july begins with friends and family . and the most patriotic cake you can find , of course . it 's usually not difficult to find a person 's love for their country when american flag cake is involved . if that should fail , break out the fireworks . they 're sure to win anyone over .
my mother introduced my nephew to his newest cousin not long after he was born . my grandmother then held him as my mother took my nephew for a bath . next was my father , who looked a bit awkward holding him . they soon gave him back to me when he started crying . i got him to stop and sleep . he slept in my arms the rest of the night .
before the start of the day , the team met to discuss upcoming goals . the president of the company gave a presentation . later , the group head out to put their new goals into practice . visitors from a collaborating company came to see what was new in the firm . a tour of the business was given to help welcome the newcomers on board .
we visited with some friends . one of them showed me his tattoos . we went to a bar and watched some bands . the decor was brilliant . my husband had a great time too . the walk home was n't as much fun .
there were many people in the race and they were struggling to finish . they finally did though with all the support and took awesome photos .
two women pose for the camera . a bunch of kids are waiting in line while reading the small menu . a large menu that displays meal prices . the name of a food truck . a food truck serving people food .
i work at a grocery store , some may think it 's lame but i love my job . i do n't have to waste my time making extra trips after work to go shopping because i can get everything i need from work . my boss is great and makes me laugh . the store even carries my favorite brand of soup , and look at that price , what a deal ! after a long day of dealing with customers , this tends to be the isle i visit for a nice relaxing evening at home .
the girl was so excited to finally be able to graduate . then we walked across the stage to receive her diploma . her family was there to celebrate with her . they all stopped to take pictures to remember this day . after that they all sat down to have dinner .
i am a cop for my local town and i like to help others i go around and learn my city i also help out with the kids we are a great team
i do n't know what happened but i definitely had too much caffeine in the emergency room last night . reviewing my camera footage i probably should n't of invited [male] and [male] . apparently the nurses were having way too much fun too . maybe the brunette was the one who brought the absinthe . looks like i had a great time , i hope the patient did too .
the kindergartners got all dressed up for halloween this kindergartner could n't wait to go to school . today was the big classroom party . first they played games and other fun activities . finally it was time for the costume parade around the building .
robosaurus was orange and viscous , and ready to battle . the omnibot jr. clenched its cup holders , trembling in fear . mr. d.j . slide into frame and told omnibot jr. , `` i 'll fight by you ! '' and then , all the robots picked a team and played the world cup fusball . afterwards , they broke open a water starball and quaffed the water , to the detriment of their circuits .
a very sad day of a funeral . the casket was carried down from above . down the stairs it went carried by several men . a sad day for everyone in attendance . the minister consoled the family for their loss .
mom and dad are celebrating 50 years as husband and wife . good friends and family were all there . we count our blessings that we have such great parents . my sister has put marriage on hold to go to medical school and now wonders if she made the right choice . i hope that everyone will someday have a love that blooms forever .
these are the jack-o-lanterns we carved that halloween . [female] wanted to put up this scary scarecrow . the first trick-or-treaters arrive after dinner . we started the rounds at [male] 's house . i nearly jumped out of my skin when i saw your mask !
i had a great time at the dinner last weekend . there were a lot of my friends there . we ate a lot of great food . afterward we had some drinks . we stayed there drinking for a few hours .
the children lined up for a picture to commemorate their graduation from preschool . when the teacher told them they could take a silly picture too , the kids made silly faces and gestures with glee . finally , they one by one got their diplomas as their parents watched with pride . he was so excited to move onto kindergarten that he could hardly contain himself . the parents celebrated by taking the kids to the water park . they had so much fun .
the friends went to a car race . there were a lot of colorful fast cars in the race . a lot of people had come out to watch . the cars were close for first . it was the blue and red car that won .
we had an absolutely fantastic time at the fair this weekend ! from booths representing local businesses to local craft vendors , much of the community was represented . our giant ferris wheel was a hit for fairgoers as well as a breathtaking sight of light . daytime activities for the whole family were offered along with a variety of live music . our beautiful summer festival was capped off by a firework show to remember .
everyone got together for drinks and conversation . there were cocktails and shots available . [male] got a head start and downed 3 shots in a row . he was pretty toasty after that . he stood up to see if he could walk a straight line .
for halloween , my daughter 's school had a big costume party . my daughter insisted on going as a princess . her friends went in various costumes , including a candy corn . one of the littlest boys chose to be captain location . still other kids chose to be witches .
when i got to the house i decided to buy it . it was beautiful . very large and the garden was gorgeous . i like to spend my time walking through the garden . i ca n't wait to move in .
the park was so crowded in the morning . the venue was filled with antsy people . the graduates word glossy black gowns . this faculty member gave a excited speech . we gathered together to share roses and balloons .
the valley was spacious and open . the water fell from the top of the cliff quickly . the sign was green and not very informative . the horse assisted us with carrying resources . my partner had a really exciting time at the field .
i finally got my new computer . i was waiting for days . i had to set it all up . it took me a while to put them all up . i had a lot of garbage afterward .
today was the day of the big race ! we were all too excited to run . here we are getting warmed up . my cheer team was ready to go . it was a fun race and i even got a medal !
i had a great time at the dinner last night . we had a lot of fun with our friends . there were some other people there as well . we learned how to cook everything while we were there . we are really happy .
the kids are ready to watch the parade . even the baby is ready . he looks so cute . a big crowd has gathered to watch . an old fashioned fire truck lead the parade . the kids are eagerly grabbing up the candy .
the bride and groom walked back down the aisle as husband and wife and headed out to the reception . the bride was cold at the reception , so the groom sweetly gave her his jacket . everyone danced and did the traditional dance with the bride and groom . and they made sure to snap lots of pictures so that they could always look back on this day fondly .
taking a tour in location and we come across this . welcome home . the ancient writings shown here kept us occupied for a while . we still do n't know what they mean . someone flying a dragon kite over dracula 's castle was cool , but eerie . as the sun starts to set , we see a real bat fly over the castle . dracula 's castle at sunset was amazing and scary .
we 've been visiting preschools for weeks now , looking for the right one for our little [female] . i have to say , i was fairly impressed with miss [female] 's play preschool . there were a huge amount of educational toys , all well kept and clean . [female] adored the train you could ride around the room . i loved the big smile on [female] 's face when i told her she 'd be going to miss [female] 's for preschool next year !
my roommate is in culinary school . he is a pretty amazing cook . he makes us all kinds of fancy dishes . they look too pretty to eat . i try to help him , but he 's a little demanding .
the groom was nervous before the wedding . the church was set up nicely and everyone was ready for the ceremony to start . the bride was escorted down the aisle by her father . the wedding ceremony was nice and the bride shed a tear . the bride and groom looked very happy after they were married .
the rally was preceded by a parade . there was a very interesting restored antique vehicle in the parade . the participants carried a banner at the front of the procession . the participants even wore matching uniforms . everyone was excited as the parade passed by .
the girls bonded over the the games together . our little pooch snuck up on us through the shadows ! the whole family enjoyed the game . our favorite girl smiles for the camera . we had fun gathering the whole family together again .
the sun was coming up . me & jordy were waiting in the car . [male] arrived and parked close to us . here 's me & [male] ! the view from the top of the mountain .
my family and i went on a tour of a historic place . we had a boat ride , during the tour of the sites . at noon , we had lunch at a nearby restaurant . during the tour , the guide gave a speech about the historical significance of the sites . my mother and i sitting on the bench , in the afternoon , trying to relax .
the part goers were wild and exciting . the venue was decorated with interesting pictures . there were bright lights throughout . it was a night for dancing . some posed by a drink dispenser .
my ceo gave his presentation today . everyone in the company was there . he talked about where we were . how healthy the company was and where he saw it going . he was then given a gift for his birthday .
it is rave night at the flu room ! rave night makes this guy pretty happy . peace ! everyone is happier with a cocktail in hand . per-ma grin and huge glasses we do not need to tell these girls how to have a good time . pretty lights ! happy people , this night is a success .
traffic was going along the high way . all of a sudden the police chased a car . a motorcycle followed along . the police car blocked off the car . people looked on at the site .
here we are preparing to head to another wedding . today was not the best travel day , but we tried to keep our spirits up . although seeing signs like these let you know you were n't in location anymore , or location location where we are from . still it was great to see everyone , and the wedding was a blast . and , thankfully , the flight back was in much better conditions .
i had to find the fire department . there was a fire nearby that i needed to warn them about . i finally found the building after searching for hours . i had to run around to the front . i saw the sign .
we were preparing for a dinner party at the house tonight . my boyfriend is making his signature dish . the first course will be a tomato and mozzarella salad . my boyfriend is trying to get me to help cook , but i am watching for now . the second course will be a egg noodle pasta with vegetables and cheese .
today there was a 4th of july barbecue with some red and blue desserts . there was a historic war reenactment in the park . the sweet yellow corn looks delicious . there is enough buns to feed a small army ! the hot dogs are cooking on the grill , yum !
at the charity event , there were many paintings up done by local atrists . one area had fun events , such as a hula-hoop competition . the speakers were very interesting and their testimony was very deep and heartwarming . i was shocked at the huge size of the crowd . the finale act was worth waiting for . everyone was singing and dancing the entire afternoon .
this man and women are headed to a halloween bash . this women decided to make up her costume for the halloween bash . as these three friends get together somebody feels left out . as the girl in blue photo bombs a picture the girl with pigtails is pretending to be happy . but deep down inside she wish the girl in blue did n't photo bomb her photo .
the runners just began the race . they were slowly taking off from the starting position . there were so many people running . i watched them go by for a few minutes . after a while i left to find something to eat .
the morning view in location . hopefully it warms up . went down to the main area of town to meet our guide and group . the colosium . i have always wanted to see this and now i am ! we are actually inside of it ! this is so amazing and a big part of history . statues left in the colosium . very surreal and inspiring .
they were paying tribute to one of there colleges he was a great man in their eyes they honored his memory with press confrence and this continued throughout the funeral process they finally layed him down to rest
christmas is my favorite time of year . we all gathered together to celebrate . uncle fez was memorialized with the planting of his tree . [male] was sad . we ate peanut butter brownies in his memory .
i sat down to eat at the desk so i can get my work done . some time had passed before i started getting hungry again . so i thought i would borrow a bike from downstairs to leave and get some food . i returned it to it 's position when i got back . and sat down at the table to have my meal .
today i visited my foster family who were of asian descent . my brother got to hold my baby for the first time . we all enjoyed watching a movie together . and then we did some arts and crafts . my wife looked like she fit right in .
i read in the paper about this section of town that really does up trick-or-treating big . they change their name for the night to vulcan village ! i got together the whole gang , and we headed out to vulcan village for fun . the kids were super excited , as kids always are on the halloween . they have a special afternoon trick-or-treating policy , which is great , because kids get scared after dark . janey got so much candy ! i loved the whole experience .
the road was long and the building was tell near the cone . the water was calm and there was a happy leaf .
an amazing evening with guests gathered around having a laugh and drinking beer . the smell of roast was in the air and the chicken was cooked just right . as you can see she was impatient to try some of her own delicacies . there were plenty of drinks to go around and it kept peoples spirits up while the food was getting ready . after it was all prepared , guests sat around the table enjoying their food and evening .
the president continued his tours of the maldive islands , stopping at tiny pots to give speeches . to keep the villages distinct in his mind , he ordered each town to have a unque color , eg yellow . the highlight of the day was the free buffet dinner . townspeople waited for hours for their chance at the provided meal . on the way home , the president relaxed in the back of the boat and worked on his tan .
[female] was supported by her peers and family at her graduation ! her folks made sure to take lots of photos of the occasion . afterwords , there was still time for congratulations . her and her brother and parents took pictures together . she put this one up on organization !
we were all very hungry , so we ordered a bunch of pizza . the little guy wanted to help with lunch , so we let him carry the ice ! grandpa rested by a fan . as everyone came in , we brought out the boxed wine . we all sat down together and enjoyed some wine .
the family came out to enjoy the first snowfall the town has received in 10 years . the young child was seeing snow for the first time . the wooded area covered in snow made for a perfect background . even the family dog was stunned by the snow . the entire town was under a blanket of snow for the first time in years .
the thanksgiving table was beautiful . everyone was there to celebrate . it was very loud . after dinner we played some board games . the children had a great time .
the man is smiling widely at the camera . the man is holding the baby while the woman is smiling . the whole family is watching television . the family is getting organized at the table . the family is making big plans at the table .
[female] was dressed in her nice red dress . everyone was happy at the party . they all had a good time . [female] and uncle [male] wore hats were playing around . aunt [female] was drinking a really big glass of wine . mom , dad and [male] were all on the couch with their hats .
the bride and groom had a wonderful wedding everyone enjoyed watching them dance then everyone joined in the girls got crazy the grooms cousin got really drunk
the committee meeting had a great turnout . [female] was there and i have n't seen her in a year . the professional photographers snapped pictures of everyone . i look happy because the event has good food . the night ended with a beauty pageant and it was very pleasant .
the mom took her kids to the halloween celebration at the local elementary school . there were fun craft stations set up where the kids could take part in a hands-on activity . many of the little girls had dressed up as princesses . some of the boys had chose super hero costumes . there was fun stuff for everyone to do , even the littlest of people .
the pair went out on a hike . he stopped to take a picture of a bug on the ground . they took a picture of the hill in the background . they signed the guest book at the cottage . they took a picture of the cottage in the distance .
a famous writer signs a book for one of his fans . [male] maggard decides to be original and autographs a calender . [male] melko tries to find the right words to say for a fan that has a sick family member . these books have just been released and they are on sale . the book festival was a success and a lot of money was raised .
college halloween parties allow college students to take a break from their hard work . it also lets students come up with creative ( and provocative ) costumes . lots of students enjoy dressing up and then seeing their friends dressed up in different costumes . they will sometimes attend a dance or party where they can dance the night away . most have so fun that they are upset when the night ends .
the children gathered around the tables . there were quite a few boys this time . it was make your own snack day . they had peanut butter and crackers . they could design things with the supplies provided .
the group took mushrooms they all got wierd everyone was having so much fun there was funny stuff happening but this picture is great
the lady is so excited for the race today ! she is packing up coffee for her friends in case they get cold . three volunteers are selling t-shirts for the charity . one runner dressed as a pirate to make it more fun . this lady brought her umbrella to the race in case of rain .
there are many kinds of horns different animals produce different shapes some are hollowed out and used as sound makers others are used for decoration and even weapons
[female] stood outside of her new studio and sighed with contentment . she and [male] had worked a long time to build their art business into something very special . [male] served food and drink to all the guests who attended the grand opening . [female] talked to prospective clients . everyone enjoyed the wonderful food and many new friends were made .
martha got an award at the expo these people won best idea there was a presentation we learned all about new products metacarta sponsored the event
the baby was so happy to spend time with extended family . we all gathered around the local pool for some summer fun . the water was cold , and the kids stayed in the shallow end of the pool . after a long day of swimming , it was time to dry off and get ready to go home . we spotted this american flag at the entrance to the pool .
we had to walk to the graduation ceremony because our car broke down . when we got there it was already over . we were still able to take pictures outside . everyone had come to show their support . afterward we went to a restaurant for dinner .
the field was so filled with beautiful flowers and animals . the flwere were such a perfect mix of colors . the little bridge gave it such a nice touch . the water was so clear you could see all the fish swimming . the goose had a little baby it was watching after .
[male] was really excited about his costume for the halloween party . here he is giggling to himself as he thinks about revealing the true surprise of his costume . and , of course , he has to make sure that everyone gets a good look at his fake behind . although he is a little disappointed that he does n't get to show off that part of his costume in the group shot . in the end , though , he had to give it up for the day of the dead couple for having the best makeup .
it was the day of the big conference . there were presentations . organization was there . organization was , too . they were all about preserving the internet .
i visited a city and walked up and down the water . i found a really great bakery with lots of pastries . in the same building was a meat and fish vendor . there was a central cafe where we could all eat our purchases . the building it was housed in was gorgeous .
a day at the riverwalk in location location you can buy a ticket and ride down the river . water , water everywhere . it was amazing . i had to have a little fun with dad ! really cool old bridge . very nice
going to a wild bird rehabilitation center can be an eye opening trip . some of these beautiful birds have been hurt in accidents , and these people get them healed up and back into the air . [male] here has trained this golden eagle to fly around and come back to land on his gloved hand . while not all the birds may be attractive , they are all still important . i had never seen an owl like this up close in daylight , and he was gorgeous .
it 's time for our budget meeting . everyone always loves the `` my name is '' tags . some brought ear buds just in case of boredom . others decided to eat while the presentation was going on . overall it was a great success .
all the best friends got ready together for her wedding . we all took pictures before leaving for the ceremony . the actual ceremony itself was so beautiful . the bride and groom danced to a beautiful song for their first dance . we finished off the night by having a bite to eat .
a woman brings her dog to the halloween party for pets . this sweet little dog is has devil horns for the party . what a cute dog dressed as a pumpkin . an adorable pooch dressed as a king complete with robe and crown for the party . a black and white dog dressed in prison togs , hope he does n't try to escape .
we took a trip to the cave to see what all the hype was about . the stairs leading down the cave took 10 minutes to walk . there was a motel next to the cave that we stayed at . my husband thought this welcome mat was very ... welcoming . chilled beers were a great way to end our trip .
save the date , we 're getting married . guest walking to the manor home for the wedding . the happy bride and groom after the ceremony , the bride and groom posing for pictures . the getaway car of the happy couple .
the lake is a perfect summer destination . there are a lot of fun activities to do at the lake . you can sunbathe on the rocks and floating dock . you can even dive and swim in the cool , clear water . it 's a great place to come with friends and family .
managers attendance was required . they would be introduced to the staff . go over proper procedures . they would be given the obligatory tour . and finally , they would get a demonstration on the newly installed security system .
two girls grew up in a small english suburb . their homes were picturesque . however they could n't wait to attend organization organization . their graduation day was sad seeing as [female] was not accepted . she ended up as a janitor in this building . we no longer speak .
seeing the snow country was absolutely stunning . i had never seen trees that were so white and pretty . one trip almost fell over because of the snow . the blue sky in the background of the white was so cool . we walked further in and got to see some of the brown branches .
when i arrived to the city it was very foggy . we began to set up for the film we were making . the lighting and sound guys arrived late but were happy to have made it there . some people showed up in support of us filming in their city . we wrapped up filming and had a party .
the room is ready for the wedding reception . the best man gives the groom to be some advice . an engagement ring nestled in the box . the bride and maid of honor pose for a picture . everyone is enjoying the reception .
my friends and i went to a conference about three miles away . i took several pictures with associates . the living room was very well furnished . i also had a great time exploring the hallway . before we went to sleep , i took this picture with one of my friends .
looking at the art work on the wall . here we are trying to figure out what we are going to do next . here is where my cousin lives . one of my horses looking happy . here is the other love of my life .
the grill was fired up and ready . it was a great day for a party . potato salad was just one of the delicious treats ! by the time night fell , they were ready to relax in the sand . even the dog came out to have a little party time of his own .
the girls have n't seen each other in a few months so they went to the park it was a fun day they played lawn bowling and compared muscles with each other
there was a good variety of costumes at this halloween party . there was a pirate . there was a balloon man . there was even a shrinner . the diversity of the outfits added color to this halloween party . it also reminded us how different each of us are as individuals .
we had the family over for dinner one night and i made turkey . for the side dish i made baked beans . for the dessert i made several fruit salads . after dinner we joked around and carla chugged a bottle of wine . she started dancing which made us all have a good laugh .
i got to go on a mission trip . we helped mentor youths . the food was new to me , but very good . this is where we stayed . we had meetings each day to go over what we wanted to accomplish .
my best friend had her wedding at her church . her and her groom looked so happy . her parents beamed with delight . her brother was the best man . afterward , her guests celebrated for the rest of the night .
there is not much to do in the country . the couple were looking for something to do . grandpa said their is a fireworks display going on tonight for fourth of july . the couple went to the area were there 's guna be fireworks . they enjoyed the fire works show .
[male] worked very hard to graduate college . he got tickets for his entire family . the commencement speaker congratulated the graduates . [male] got his diploma . [male] 's mother was very proud of his hard work .
he went around talking to everyone he could . his employees along the way and the customers who used his service . he got to know the i.t team as well as possible . he always tried to stay personable with the company . they all gathered to take a final picture before he left .
we had a halloween festival in town . there where a lot of decorations . there was a lot of jack o lanterns . the decorations where very cool . it was a fun day .
on a drive to friends and good times . once there , we all sat down to have something to eat . sitting around talking is so much fun to do . as the day goes on more people showed up to this friendly event . well into the night everyone hung out , it was a successful get together .
i had a great time at the party last week . they invited a team of cheerleaders to perform . many awards were given out . a lot of people were interviewed . afterward i left the ceremony to find some food .
the fair was in town so we decided to go . took a picture of the ferris wheel that we would be riding on later . [male] was having fun on the merry go round . he was all smiles . the giant wheel that we rode earlier looks fantastic all lit up at night . what better way to end a fair day then by a spectacular fireworks show .
i took my dog out for a trip last week . i brought some ribs for the barbecue . the parks that we stopped by were very beautiful . when we got further north it began to snow . at night there was a huge fireworks show that we got to see .
i did my daughter 's hair today for her wedding . the bouquet looked more amazing in person . the ring was sparkling in every beam of light . [female] and margot enjoyed the gourmet food . [male] got too drunk and put a tie around his head .
[female] 's family and friends threw her a baby shower yesterday . they all gathered to celebrate the new baby . [female] and her husband were so happy to have them there . they had a huge cake . at the end of the party , [female] got to open all the baby gifts .
when the man died , his funeral was large and stately . many people cried during the ceremony . the coffin was lowered carefully into the ground . his sisters sat together . his brother gave a moving eulogy .
there were a lot of costumes at the party last night . they were all very scary . there were some dancers up on the stage as well . the people in the scary costumes stayed at the party for a while . i left because they were scaring me .
the god of fog and mist was angry . he stood ever vigilant over his lands . however the rivers and lakes were polluted . man had caused this , and man would be punished in never-ending fog . the mists and fogs rolled in , the god knew this would be mankind 's final days .
[female] wanted to have a candle party . many came to look at all the candles she makes . she showed us all how she started them . she had lots of tealight type candles . and many pretty holders she makes as well .
the spotter directs the sniper where to shoot . the sniper zeros in on the dangerous target . one of the local soldiers conducting a routine traffic stop . [male] is ready to back up the local soldiers if something heads location . [male] mans the mini gun in case of hostile activity .
the catering was well done . they were many different dishes for all of our tastes . we were able to try many types of flavors . the day went really well at the office party . good music and food brought every one closer together .
duke was excited for 4th of july . he could n't wait to spend it with his owner , [female] , and his brother , sparky . and then the fireworks began ... they were so loud that they scared sparky ! he ran inside , and [female] had to go find him and hold him tightly to calm him down . duke was n't scared , though . he loved the fireworks and could n't wait for the next time he could watch those bright explosions high in the sky .
we went sailing last weekend we the boys . it was peaceful on the lake . we enjoyed our hotdogs made below deck and partied all through the night .
this is the entrance to a wild life preserve in location . up on the bluffs you will find many animals and insects that are declining in numbers around the world . this gathering of butterflies no longer takes place in a lot of locations like it use to . this is a rare hawk that is going extinct very rapidly . this breed of elk is starting to grow in numbers but not out of the woods quite yet .
the party was coming to an end . they had a lot to clean up . the roof had to be cover from damage . they needed to get it covered before the rain came . they damaged the carpet from the party .
this is where i rented my new office space . it 's so exciting . does n't it look fancy ? well inside the rooms it is n't so fancy but it gets the job done ! here is the waiting area . here are my filing cabinets . i really need to get organized . here 's the hallway of the office . i only rented out one room , by the way . the outside of the building is kind of drab but it 's a start and i 'm so happy to have my own office space !
my son [male] wanted to watch the fireworks . the white ones are so cool mom ! he cheered when the green and pink ones exploded . next up was the bright blue and whites . he was in awe . after the blue was the pinks . i 'm lucky i got this one as they exploded so fast . the grand finale was so amazing , so bright and so loud . we held our ears and giggled .
we waited for the commuter rail to pull up to the stop . he could n't believe how late it was . but he was happy to be with me . we took the commuter rail to a park where we saw a main feeding the birds . and then we went ice skating .
i gathered with my friends on the rooftop to get a good view of the festivities . the sky was clear and beautiful . we could see all of the vendors and people on the street . there was quite a crowd gathering . almost midnight and time for the new year to begin .
my friend and i were excited to arrive at the venue for a fun night of experimental music . a man dressed in a tuxedo met us as we walked in and led us to our seats . on the way , we passed a man with a mask who reminded us to take water with us . the view of the sound system from our seats was pretty interesting . at one point we even got to go backstage for a close up view of the instruments and a view of the audience .
everyone gathered for a nice night out . great music was heard throughout the night . so many yummy treats to try . the local team was well supported . now off for a good lunch the next day .
gas stations are not intended to be called home , but sometimes it can be seen that way . when you live on the road , it 's almost like you live everywhere . sometimes that feeling is quite overwhelming . however , there are certain rewards to living on the road . each day is a new day filled with new sights and excitement . each sight is unique and reminds us that tomorrow will be just as exciting .
today we went to the museum . there were statues of old kings . and statues of old soldiers . the building was beautiful . we will come back again soon .
many people enjoyed meeting professional baseball players at today 's game . the children were excited waiting in line to meet their heroes . many families enjoyed spending time together while getting to meet their favorite baseball players . a baseball player demonstrates his skill and catches the ball . fans enjoyed the view of the game from the stands before this exciting day ended .
people rode their bikes to the festival . it was very crowded . there were characters and people in costumes . they posed for the fans . the festival continued into the evening .
i finally got my hands on the newest game to hit the market and it 's complete with realistic looking vending machines . after walking around the area a bit i also ran into a realistic looking statue in the center of the room . if your into makeup and advertising there is no need to worry because this game has that too . an outside look at the shopping mall from the parking lot . another store complete with a full size display and various clothes .
the party was a big hit for everyone . some guests posed for the camera , proud of their costume choices . the two friends enjoyed their outfits , especially the woman in the bee costume . the couple was thrilled to bring back the 60 's , complete with fluffy afro wigs . the superhero costume made a man feel brave , as he posed with his friends .
first we snapped a few pics at the docks . this cool thing caught everyone 's eye . the boat was very impressive up close . afterwards we ate at this lovely little diner . the food was great , and the kitchen was clearly busy !
what a beautiful sunset . now that the sun has set it is time to have some fun . let 's go and enjoy each other 's company . new we just have to wait in the dark the celebration was well worth the wait .
this family gets together with grandpa every summer . mom shares her recipes with the daughter in law in the kitchen . mom and grand ma invited little [male] to come by for a drink . the daughter and daughter in law wanted to make sure to get a photo of little [male] . and of course [male] dosed off on grandpas favorite chair .
taking this trip to the beach , was the best idea ever . the light illuminating the water way was tranquil . the water had receded just enough to see the beautiful sand . a closeup of us all together , just having a blast . a memory for the books .
the soldiers began the commencement of the ceremony with a march . the award was brought in to be presented to the awardee . the song was beautifully performed with bag pipes an american flag was a gift given to the presenting soldier . the flag was presented , and given to the honoree .
my friends and i formed a musical band last summer . here i 'm playing the keyboard , but i do n't think i 'm very good at it . my friend , [male] , sings music and is good with playing the guitar . we had to spend a lot of money on the equipment . we have to be careful around the wires when we walk , otherwise we 'll trip and fall .
a man walked around the edge of the lake one day . he arrived at the gazebo , and began setting up his instruments . there was a college nearby . he ran over quickly to check the time , unsure when to begin his show . checking the time , he headed back to the gazebo to begin his show .
we had been training these boys for a long time . they had finished their training well . it was their time to be honored now . they would go on to defend their own land . we were so proud of them , and cheered so loud when they walked up .
two young girls are dancing in the pavilion . the adults gather together in front of the pavilion for a group photo . the flower girl and young bridesmaid pose for a picture with some adults . four happy guests smile at the photographer during this happy celebration . the bride poses with some of her friends to mark the occasion .
the firetruck making too much noise . playing the trumpet for the crowd . dancing with her friend . promoting her campaign . gathered all her candy .
i decide to take a walk on a cold winters day . i looked down at my feet and thought about where things had gone wrong with my girlfriend . i wanted to sit down on a bench but it was covered in snow . i looked up and saw a statue of a couple , standing , frozen . as i looked out ove the park i decided i was not going to remain stuck . i would call [female] .
the jungle was misty and spooky the day we visited the national park . you could see the remains of trees that had burned in a fire that swept over the land a few years ago . the tar pits were constantly bubbling , emitting gas and steam . the bridge crossing the pits was covered with a fine ash from the residue . there were giant tiki statues everywhere paying homage to the native populations that settled the land .
the worker won the award this month . they had a big conference where she was awarded the plack . the signup booth was really nice for the conference . the ceo spoke to all of the employees present . the group of managers got together at the end and took a picture .
me and by boyfriend [male] had a great time out in the freezing weather party . our friend [female] was crazy that night ! here 's tootie and her boyfriend [female] . and here 's me and [male] again , with my ex-boyfriend [male] in the background . the cityscape view from the party was spectacular .
we decorated our house on halloween for the first time . then , we gathered at the dinner table to design our pumpkins . with a bit of work , we were able to carve out the seeds and implant faces into the pumpkins . here i am , unleashing my creation to the world . in the aftermath , we are proud to display our jack-o-lanterns .
all of the children won awards last weekend . they were all very proud to receive them . their parents were also very proud of all of them . afterward they all went to the park to hang out . all of the kids had a great time at the park .
these waffles look like a great choice for breakfast . oh no ! the only syrup i have seems to have a bad cork so i 'll need a fresh bottle . luckily , there is a shop just down the road from my apartment . they have a wonderful selections of syrups to choose from . now i can enjoy my breakfast waffles with fresh syrup .
a fence alongside the river . a beautiful waterfall nearby . two children horseplay along the riverbanks . an insect on a leaf . a young boy strikes a pose .
everybody showed up to the town meeting tonight . people spoke about their opposition to pet control . others spoke about how they were in favor of it . everyone was paying the utmost attention . the crowd was split and will go to a vote next week .
[male] went to location to stay with his dad over the winter at his cabin . the landscape was cold and harsh but at the same time beautiful . during the days [male] would hunt for food to eat . while [male] would be out hunting he took in the beauty of the outdoors . this was [male] 's favorite winter he has ever had and he is coming back next winter .
[male] 's barbecuing in his brick oven . he loves this kind of thing . we 're happy to let him cook . i 'll just chill here with a bottle of whatever the heck this is with my girl . well , i can honestly say i have no idea what auntie [female] is mixing up . looks like [male] is brave enough to give it a try . better him than me . it 's hours later and we 've been looking for [male] for ever . i do n't know what was in that muck he ate but he flipped out and took off running towards the beach in the dark . oh good lord , skippy the wonder dog has sniffed him out . he 's still alive at least but he 's a really funny color . no more eating auntie [female] 's food buddy .
i had a great time outside yesterday . we had a rally . there were lots of families watching from their porches . many families brought their children . they were all showing their support .
this family had a fun halloween . all of the kids had cute costumes . the more we looked at them , the cuter they got . we went to this huge party too . even the youngest one got some candy .
the telethon this year brought in thousands because of the new talent . interacting with the audience . off the wall performances were given . singing for hope . sweet success this year !
at the dinner party we had some wine . the girls posed for a photo . the place was gorgeous . mom and daughter picture . the entire family posed together .
i love to travel this place is amazing so much to see and do i love this place
a little girl hated the sound of the firetruck . a boy played trumpet on the side of the road . two little girls had the time of their lives . a man holding a sign did n't seem too friendly . a little girl named [male] played on the ground the whole day .
before my friend 's wedding , i went into the city to see a tattoo artist . she unrolled my sleeve and prepared my arm for the artwork . she started drawing a simple branch . then she added leaves to the long plant . finally , she made a drawing of a plant running up my arm .
i went for a walk in the snow . which at first glance seemed bleak . it was pretty cold and i wondered if i had on the correct shoes . as i looked around i began to see how beautiful the snow made everything . the statues looked as if they might walk somewhere to get warm . the large plaza then filled with other people looking around to see the beauty .
i brought some sunflowers for my blind date . we stopped by the souvenir shop with all the british merchandise . our date then began by heading over to the pier for a boat ride . we got on a had a nice ride around the city along the river . we got off next to a building with the word change next to it .
the grandparents meeting their great-grandson for the first time . great 3 generation picture . great-grandpa and baby smiling for the camera . great-grandma holding the baby . she is all smiles . [male] is probably thinking who are all these people..haha .
the groom waits for his bride . the dad has an important job walking his daughter down the isle . a big hug during the ceremony . here is the bride and groom with their best man and the maid of honor . a new family portrait to remember the big day .
i had to cook a lot of food today . there was so much work to be done . everyone was going to be coming over soon . we had to get all of the food prepared . thankfully i finished everything in time .
this is our home in the winter . it can get a bit chilly . here 's our family all bundled together . we decided to go a little ways south to get away from the cold . here 's [male] sitting on the balcony of our hotel . here are some fountains that we found in the downtown area . are n't they pretty ?
halloween finally arrived . everyone took part putting together outfits from their closets . we had rockstars among us . but the most ingenious prop was the evil plank . though im not sure our co-worker was happy losing the contest to a piece of wood .
the shopping market did not have many people but the cashiers were very happy . the soup was cheap and there was a lot of beer so customers finally started coming in .
the man had gotten his diploma . the friends took a picture together . he got a picture by himself . he got a picture with his friends again . he stopped a moment to take his cap off .
city life for this literary cat is hard . he had to find the perfect time to make his break for the door . he then has to avoid construction on the sidewalk and dodge pedestrians . his most difficult task , though , is figuring out which of the people at the park might share their lunch with him .
people were finishing the race and the guy won the race . there was many spectators and even people outside the race . it was a good day for a race .
the camera crew is setting up for their shot the objects are moving pretty fast for the camera each person gets ready for their place the camera man is trying to focus and get the perfect spot for filming
the lawn was very well taken care of . this building was very striking in appearance . the old architecture was very appealing . graduates had fun in front of the old buildings . this building looked absolutely gorgeous in the sunlight .
[female] striking a pose along the chilly beach . some of the ruins that [female] and [male] were exploring . [male] showing how peaceful and balanced he is . [female] hiding from the wind behind a pillar . [female] enjoying the day exploring the ruins .
i invited all of my friends to my house for the halloween party . everyone dressed up . we all sat and had some coffee together . afterward we got started on the jack-o-lanterns . once it got dark there were some children asking for candy .
a congratulatory sign hung at the entrance to the school for the graduates . she had to make sure her cap was adjusted perfectly for the ceremony . friends goof around just a bit to get rid of the nerves . the graduates are seated and wait patiently to receive their diplomas . hugs of congratulations went on for quite some time after the ceremony was over .
[female] and [female] were celebrating at the pub . they invited all of their friends . we waited for our food to come . after a few drinks things got lively . by the end of the night many of us were a little tipsy .
i went to my volunteer day at friends of trees here is the hole we dug to plant a tree . here 's the tree we planted . i got kind of dirty but it was kind of cool . here is the team working on some more trees .
my buddy [male] is a delivery driver in a foreign country . he goes around on his scooter and makes deliveries to food vendors . last week he had to deliver a bunch of watermelons to a guy . more common is grapes or figs , which are easier to carry . the best in when he gets to deliver prepared food for good tips .
it 's a great day for a soccer game . the teams are fiercely competing for the ball . two players collide in the battle for the ball . they watch in anticipation as they try to decipher where the ball is going to go . this player saves his team with quick thinking , hitting it with his head to keep it from the other team .
today was the move in day for the college student who was moving into his first apartment alone . he was very excited about planning out where he was going to move all his furniture . this wall will be sturdy enough to hang his new television . the lighting is unique and will help save money versus using his old lamps . he also made sure to take note of the fire escape plan for the future . he was prepared for anything and excited to finally move in .
there was a huge `` american day '' at school today . everyone came to visit . even parents decided to show up ! ms. [female] was able to teach some adults the proper way to be an american . while mr. [male] discussed his value of being american . it was very nice to have mr. chang give us the final announcements for `` [female] day '' .
today was the st. [male] 's day parade . there were so many green things on sale ! we even got these crazy hats to watch the parade in . so many people were in the pride to display their heritage . i absolutely love the bag pipes ! today was a great day .
the basketball player went for a slam dunk . he missed but still managed to catch the ball . then he went for another slam dunk . the ball went into the hoop . after that the crowd cheered .
an mc takes the stage to talk on the microphone . a couple is dancing together at the club . a group of friends are dancing and having fun . a couple poses together for the camera . a man wearing a sweatshirt poses for the camera .
i took the subway to downtown last week . i went shopping . there were a lot of cool items to try out . i met some interesting people while i was there . afterward we got a bite to eat and the food was really hot .
the couples halloween costume contest was about to begin . no one really understood this costume . no one really understood this one either . they thought this was something along the lines of mad scientist/frankenstein . this couple won . the judges where frat boys . after the contest the party really went wild and the group posed for a silly photo .
best friend attending the harry potter convention . the huge crowd interacting with one another . checking out books . and getting tattoos . wearing [male] potter 's glasses .
at the antique shop , a dog was standing next to an old sofa . the sofa was rather small and it had an unusual covering . the covering showed old covered bridges in [female] . it also showed old windmills and it was very pretty . i reached into the sofa and found an old coin buried in between the cushions .
we checked our reserves and unfortunately we were running low on almost everything . the only place to replenish our stores was the location location , over run with infected hordes . checking our fortification for weaknesses , just part of the exit routine . we took in the desolate landscape as we made our way to our destination . the emptiness of our surroundings gave us a false sense of security and a false allusion of things to come . we made our way to the hardware store under cover of darkness . if anything could go wrong it had n't , yet .
i went for a walk through the woods yesterday . there were a lot of squirrels watching me . i found some interesting plants while i was out there . the squirrels watched me for hours . the flowers are very beautiful this time of the year .
they pulled up at the field ready for the big game . it was crowded and hard to tell what was going on . fortunately the announcer was on top of keeping the crowd informed . the end of the game was celebrated with a small community concert . then the community enjoyed the beautiful sunset over their small town .
i decided to explore the beautiful coastline in location by taking a drive . after driving for 45 minutes i found a nice spot to pull over and enjoy the view . i pulled over into the spot . i was the only one there ! i looked out of the drivers side window and saw this beautiful view . i got out of the car and looked over the edge down over the rocky outcroppings and to the ocean below .
everyone was looking forward to meeting the new baby . the baby was very happy to see everyone as well . she was smiling at everyone and enjoyed the attention . he was a bit nervous holding her . she loved to be held like that . it was a great day .
the guy was getting a meal and then saw the christmas tree near the clock . after he went home he used the hose before making some cookies .
my girlfriend really like a cat as her pet and she is very artistic.. this is the place where we express our feelings in the way of art . this jacky taking a pose on our art room . my self wanted to say something . also [female] our belly dancer take a pose on our art room .
so my dad gave a speech today at location a & m . he spoke about how to sell just about anything ! he was so persuasive , everyone watched and listened attentively . he told everyone he was going to sell them a very special bag of invisible air and everyone cheered ! he handed them all out and made $ 5,000 ! he can sell anything to anyone .
today i went to a family get together . i got to see my silly cousin . as well as her best friend i have n't seen in years ! on top of that some of my parents friends were there . as was the rest of my extended family !
[male] and jay are having fun at the wedding they meet up with the lucky couple for a picture . [male] and [male] smile at the big event . the bride shows off her bouquet . [female] is her room after a wonderful night
the bride and groom were astounding . they danced together . they were careful not to slip . they laughed the night away . the guests joined in on the dancing too .
i went to the award ceremony yesterday . there were a lot of people there . everyone received an award for their effort . they had a great time . i really enjoyed being there . some of the soldiers started singing .
it 's halloween and all the kids are dressed up . she is so cute ! they had a spooky graveyard set up out side . this house was using the grave theme as well . a happy little boy with candy .
the streets were crowded . what was this hot dog doing ? at least the river was pretty . it looked great at night . they even lit up the ships .
the chocolate castle had spooky chocolate trees outside . the whole family got together to carve pumpkins . one pumpkin felt left out , he wore his sad face . ... and then the sith arrived to take over halloween . we defeated the sith , hooray !
we decorated a little bit for halloween . this included our front porch and pumpkins . we had a chair set outside waiting for visitors with candy . my friend was dressed up waiting in the bushes for people walking by . here is a victim about to get scared .
here is my ticket to the concert . here are a few of us walking to our seats . getting something to eat before it starts . here is who we have been waiting for . the best singer of all time about to get on stage .
having fun at the company picnic . an employee is having some lunch . two co-workers share a laugh . entertainment was brought in for the picnic . a couple dances to the music .
the cat sat in the driveway looking sad . the boys were happy to eat lunch at the local restaurant . the ocean made small waves . the dirt bikes laid there in the dirt . the boys took a photo after they ate lunch .
today we decorated cookies . we had the simple ones . we also had the creative ones . my son even made a scary one . of course my husband had to make a smart ass one .
girl where did you get those flowers from ? sitting up here all pretty like with that glow . i 'm not impressed , just pass me my bucket of booze , she can keep the flowers . you 're not impressed ? girl , i 'm not impressed with your alcoholic ways , but you do n't see me blurting it out , do you ? look at them girls over there arguing like fools . why ca n't they get along like us , man ? im going to go over there . ladies , what 's the issue ? why ca n't you guys just get along and enjoy this beautiful trip ?
the lounge recently had a flat-screen tv installed on the wall . several people worked together to install it . now , when people gather in the lounge they can watch tv . this has made people quite happy . and , people tend to frequent the lounge much more now .
a historic battlefield we are going to walk on . another sign showing where the battle took place . walking along the trail of a famous battle sight . a monument to the famous battle . the creek runs though a famous battle sight .
[male] and [female] are sitting on top of the fridge at the party . since it 's a nice day , there are many people in the yard at the party . the dj is playing music for the party guests . [male] is playing a joke on [female] at the party . when the party is over , people are gathered outside to say goodbye .
talking happily with one of the guests from the wedding . a quick photo of the bride and groom looking nice . he is sort of camera shy . happily wed , these two start the rest of their lives . the after party is in full swing !
we sped into the city and made a quick right turn . we were trying to get away from the hurricane as fast as possible . the buildings were all boarded up . even the store on the corner ! even with the impending storm , some refused to leave and were going to ride it out .
we had our family over for dinner last night . the whole family was there and we were so happy to see each other . we had really good food ! at the end of the night we all went out for a walk . it was a great night and we ca n't wait to do it again !
we went down to the church . we where getting married that day . the certificate was signed and it was official . we danced to a few songs after . then headed home as husband and wife .
the young college student was visiting the city . she saw some beautiful buildings . she also visited an art museum . then she had dinner . she ended her night relaxing and reading .
at this fine bar , we hosted a party for our friend . he was coming back from another country and we made him a centerpiece . the tables were also decorated in his honor . my aunt and mom came from another state to celebrate too . we took a picture of the important men at the event .
my family and i took a vacation to a cabin by the lake for a long weekend . we enjoyed the peace and quiet away from the city . we had a campfire and roasted marshmallows . we let off some ground fireworks . then we ended the night with some fireworks bright into the sky .
number 19 at the soccer game at the park . he gets the ball , and needs to get it to the goal ... . ... almost a steal but he gets it back ... ..he 's in goal range , and sees an opening ... he kicks ... ... goal ! he makes it and wins the game !
today i visited a new market to look for some unique foods . the workers got along great and had a nice relationship . the soup was n't on sale this week like i had hoped . there were so many choices of beer that i could n't decide what to get . the store manager gave me a discount on some chips and i was on my way .
we were ready for a night of partying out of the town . apparently , so was the rest of the city ! it was a huge turnout ! we could n't all fit inside , so we just partied on the street . we saw some pretty disturbing costumes . but everyone was obviously having a good time , and that is what we were that for !
the apartment was clean for the big day . the view was excellent . they definitely cleaned their plates this time . some were still hungry . time to clean up .
the come up presented shad last night . i got to go backstage and meet him . we talked for about an hour about his music . he had the crowd on their feet the minute he took the stage . his set was awesome .
we set out from camp early on . we got to see some birds along the trail from there . we looked at some of the local shops from there . afterwards , we chilled out by the campsite . then , a large spider walked up and made the night that much more interesting .
a year ago a family visited a vietnamese city . the local market was filled with fruits and vegetable of the area . they watched a local chef prepare food with meats and fish . the local fish market sold fish from the waters that surrounded the city . at the end of the day , they rested and watched the local people relax by the side of the road .
a woman is sick in a hospital bed . her nurse brings her her medicine and juice . she relaxes hoping that the rest will heal her body . she returns back to work . and is able to eat soon .
the family arrived at the forest , ready for a great family day . they pose before starting the day 's activities . it seems like they are sharing a great story after the picture one of the brothers decides to get a mustace they begin playing a game to round out the day
the first night of our vacation we saw a beautiful sunset . a beautiful black and white bird perched in the leafless tree . [female] chose from a variety of cheeses to find her favorite . [male] relaxed in a comfortable chair beside the fire . the black hair spider looked real from a distance but was soon identified as fake .
there were many speakers at a conference . people of all ethnicities spoke to the audience . the speakers also listened to other people speak . they judged what they said to the audience . there were questions asked and answered at the conference .
snow is so deep here its to my knees . max is loving the snow . aww how cute max left his foot prints . our playground is all frozen . me and max saw this beautiful bird today .
the woman did n't normally like parties but she wanted to spend time with her friends on halloween so she threw a party at her apartment . before the guests arrived she put the finishing touches on her costume . her best friend and her husband showed up first , dressed to impressed . they had brought their baby and had even dressed her up in an adorable giraffe costume . one woman that came wore a sexy outfit and kept flirting with all the men .
taking a trip with the kids is fun . loading everything up for the trip is not . but luckily there is a lot of room in the minivan . and the kids are pretty well behaved on long trips . so the open road is n't that bad at all .
the walking tour took us to this famous location in location . we went to location , mass to tour the historical houses . it was all her idea really . and other important sites . i had a nice view of the water . but there were no boats to rent .
the buildings were so old in town . even the streets looked old and different than what i am used to seeing . they had a lot of little stands with fresh fruits for sale . they had a large variety of foods to choose from . they all looked so good and fresh .
we visited my parents house , which is close to the beach . their land is next to the ocean . the beach , however , is a little ways down the road . my mom showed my cousins poem he did in school . my dad enjoyed his time with his granddaughter .
the day they had been waiting months for had finally arrived for the high school sweetheart . the groom and his best man share a word before the ceremony . the couple had a beautiful cake at the reception . per tradition , they fed each other cake . the newlyweds danced the night away .
a great dinner at the local sandwich shop . inside all the fresh ingredients are in full view for the customers . the menu is big with a delicious selection . the food is made to order exactly for each customers preference . customers always go home feeling satisfied with their meal .
this castle was the whole reason we came to this town . the `` secret '' entrance to the caves below the castle . a picturesque , traditional town , view from the castle ramparts . sure glad we do n't have to scale those cliffs under archery fire .
the man was talking to the students and they were all looking . the parents were happy and had their photos taken before they gave interviews .
i had a great time on vacation last year . i went to see a festival in the street . there were many performers . they were all carrying some sort of structure . it was very impressive .
we got the family together for christmas dinner . all the food was laid out . the family made their plates . mom filled up the wine glasses . it was nice catching up . we then opened presents .
a picture of the market from above . the market is bustling with people . a man carrying flowers on his head . some books for sale at the market . some lovely desserts are available for sale .
we all got together for christmas again ! here 's my brother with yet more underwear ! mom got a book from her favorite author . my uncle got some sort of electronic gadget . i 'm sure he 'll figure it out ! my sister with some new clothes for her baby . [male] with the new [female] game ! he 'll be bust for awhile .
nothing like good old fashioned red , white , and blue cakes to celebrate red , white , and blue day . in the background you can see the reinactment of the civil war . corn on the cob with hamburgers and hot dogs and celebrating our nations freedom . now that 's patriotic indeed . i broght buns hun . sir mix alot would be proud of these buns . weiners for the buns . the look so yummy . it 's been a while since i cooked with charcoal .
moving into a new house . we will need to paint the walls . not much food yet . plenty of laundry will be done . we will be growing a garden in the front yard .
graduation day at last . i 'm so excited to be finished with high school . of course , my boyfriend was there to witness the big day . my siblings were all very excited for me . my sister did a great job of setting up the after party .
the annual pool tournament of guys vs. girls had commenced ! the girls had started it off . and they were having a nice streak . they started teasing the guys . the guys did not like the teasing and responded with cockiness .
as i was waiting for my brother to have dinner with me i had me a cappuccino and was reading my favorite book . i kept waiting at the bar for my brother he took a long time . my brother finally came and we got seated . for dinner i ordered some kind of meatball soup . my brother decided just to have some kind of egg cold beef sandwich .
there was a symbol on the flower pot . the flower pot held a bunch of roses . the roses were very red . each rose looked slightly different . this rose was much fuller than the others .
we went for a walk in the woods . the country was rocky . we looked at the mushrooms grow on the trees . the wild life was unique . we saw what looked like a reindeer .
she met him when she was out for a ride . they hit it off immediately . they would park their bikes and take the train . most of her friends rode bike to the station and mr. [male] was no exception . when he saw them kissing , she was quite embarrassed and she did n't know why .
there was an important negotiation that was about to take place and everyone was focused on the task , deep in thought . both sides sat at the table and began talking back and forth . finally , the americans agreed to give their counterparts a box of apples . both sides were very happy about the agreement and stood up to shake hands and mingle . a big event was held to celebrate the momentous occasion .
many of the board members came to the meeting . the men brought most of the humor . the leader also gave most of the facts for the meeting . the group of employees took a picture at the end . there was also a small lecture .
a crowd gathers to mourn a man who has passed away . onlookers join together to grieve over his passing . they body is laid in the center of the crowd as they pray . some men are dressed more formally than the monks . afterwards the crowd exchanges pleasantries and condolences .
this small city sits outside a large mountain range . there is a small window overlooking the town . a small house is located in town and people enjoy visiting it . the town itself is run down and old but has a lot of soul . the building with the tree in front of it is a magistrates building .
i just bought a new house last week . it very nice inside . it is very clean . i moved all the furniture in yesterday . i still need to buy some more .
the castle had two big towers and an awesome door too . the big hotdog was attracting people who cooked . they even stayed until darkness came .
i went to the meeting today . it was very boring . the same man was talking for the entire meeting . he did n't stop talking . i was falling asleep .
there was a blonde in front of me who understood the course . for the great effort , this redhead received a kiss . it was a lovely night and things were accomplished . the women had very lovely hairstyles . the coolest part about the event was the hair colors .
we all gathered at grandma 's house for her birthday . we had n't seen each other in a while . it was great to catch up with the cousins and aunts . we celebrated with cake and laughter .
for halloween the office workers held a party and costume contest . everyone went all out for their costumes . the bleeding cut was a good touch . [female] went as cruella de vil . she looked and felt fabulous . the workers had so much fun as characters they had a hard time choosing the winner of the costume contest .
the cab dropped them off for a night on the town . everyone is in a festive mood . the evening grows late and the streets are more deserted . but travel a little further to where the action is ... on the streets everything bursts into color !
i was the vip at a chinese concert today . there were many people on the streets . some people even brought grills to make food . the celebrity finally came out . everyone had a great time .
the racers were prepared for the big marathon . i was excited and positive i could win the race . photographers took pictures of me and the other racers . it was rainy , but we had a lot of fun . we needed to drink water to rehydrate .
everyone listening to the boss talk before they christmas party we even had a live sax player ! everyone getting a little tipsy on champaign always so serious we had a grand christmas party feast
everyone got to meet the baby today papa and all his girls he worked hard and will be honored grandma got in some time as well everyone loved the baby
the wedding was filled with love and joy as friends and family gathered for the occasion . the husband ensures his wife does n't get cold out by showing his loving character by encasing his bride with his jacket . the joyous stepparents slow dance to one of the couples favorite songs . it 's party time . the reception turned out to be a great success ! the family photo was one not to be forgotten which including all family members and close friends .
halloween at work was always fun because of the amazing costumes people wore , like the boss as a blue fairy . sometimes , it was harder to tell what someone dressed up as . he could have been a rock star or a television character . it was fun to guess . she always dressed up as organization villains . we were excited to see who she would be next . meanwhile , others would dress up to honor our soldiers . some people even brought their children in on the fun . it was an amazing day .
took my fiance out for a nice dinner date . our beautiful delicious dessert ! about to go to our friends gathering . my friend [male] and i about to start drinking . my bud is here ! [male] is the coolest guy !
my husband and i are so proud of our daughter . she finally graduated from elementary school today . the rest of the parents were just as excited as we were . she shook her teacher 's hand and passed over into the next grade . all of the kids held up their diplomas with pride .
it had been a long day as the couple said their vows . at the end they lit a candle to symbolize coming together as one . the families stood together to take pictures . generations gathered to witness the event . but at the end of the day it was just them slow dancing together .
i 'm visiting my cousin today . it was cold so we put on very warm coats . we decided to go visit the library . at night we took a walk downtown . the moon looked very beautiful tonight .
the flower girl and mini bride play in the gazebo . family and friends pose on a summer day . friends of the bride pose for a photo . parents and grandfather and a friend smile on this happy day . the bride in white posing with friends and family on her wedding day .
it was a big national holiday . people were ready for san-patrick day . even a performing band was in green colors . people who did n't wear green that day deserved black and white photos . it was enormous crowd .
the sun casts no shadow on the church . the benches were made of the finest wood . the street signs were cheap because they bend easily . fortunately , the business is successful at this time of year . there was not much going on in the city however .
many people gathered today to honor the memory of yao minh . among the many honored guests were numerous businessman . during the funeral many gave recounts of yao minh ' life . among the recounts was a moving speech given by [male] [female] . after the speeches were given everyone lined up to pay their last respects to his memory .
this is the hotel we stayed at on vacation . we went to breakfast at the hotel and it was great ! mom had an omelette and toast and she was very happy . this is all free and i think it 's the best complimentary breakfast i have ever had . had some cookies and coffee for an after breakfast dessert ... yummy !
today was probably the best wedding i had ever seen , these two were so romantic . everything about it was like a storybook , even the cake was a character out of a story . the kids had a great time dancing around the newlyweds . the groom gave his thanks to everyone at the party , what a gentleman . overall , it was a spectacular event and everyone dressed sharp as a tack .
here is the spread of food before the party started . we helped ourselves to the food , buffet style . our chef made sure our wine was filled to the top . we enjoyed our meal together on this holiday . we opened presents , and i got a tree plate .
here to watch the game and scream to support my team . the 1st dunk of the game , looking good . the band is playing their little hearts out . shaking hands is a big part of the game . the cheerleaders are really pretty girls .
the town did n't look like much when we arrived and with all the snow cover it was easy for me to get disappointed . as i entered the town however i was greeted by a large church at it 's corner . behind the church i found a lot of very detailed gravestones , the snow almost none existent on their tops . as i left the graveyard i could n't help but wonder what all of the people were like . to help forget some of the depressed things i had witnessed we all hit the local pub .
our son showing of his new toy . a wild mushroom patch that we ran across while at the park . a photo of our son while at the park with the sun setting . a picture of mother nature making some fine art . interesting spider making his home . a true art piece .
the group was going to break ground on a new site they planted a tree and had a long discussion about the past they remembered the fallen as well it was a beautiful day to be alive
the audience roared with excitement ! the dance team did a performance , then the band played a song . finally , the cheerleaders all led us in welcoming our team to the court ! the coach was so excited , he could n't contain himself !
the ceo came out to talk about his new plans he was very detailed about his actions there is much profit for everyone he hopes his ideas will work if not he will go work in a fast food restaurant
the groomsmen are gather for the wedding . the bride and groom are now cutting the cake . the bride and groom stand posed happily for wedding pictures . one of the groomsmen want a photo for his memory book . the groomsmen all stand for their memory photo .
[female] decided to go out to buy a new turtle for a friend . her friend [female] was the local owner and knew just what to look for . along the way she met up with her friend [male] who was having a walk on the beach . she wondered if she could find any turtles around here . after her trip she opened the box to show her friend her new turtle while they were out to eat .
the street vendor is selling some snacks . taking a picture of the building . pretty flowers in a large vase . large church in the background . walking in the open air market .
we needed a couple distractions on our trip out . the motorcycle we rode out on . happy couple ! another happy couple ! night time - bed came soon after .
we made it to the town . first stop was to purchase russian dolls . she made sure to get her henna tattoo this time . the kids played on the splash pad . the adults enjoyed wine and cheese .
it was a packed house and [male] was ready to give us a crash course on how data entry worked . standing in front of a cool digital chalk board he began writing down important information that became instantly displayed . there was no question that [male] could n't answer and he was more then happy to answer all of them . a person in the audience stumped [male] for a moment , but he quickly returned a answer with a bit of a joke . as the presentation drew to a close [male] took one final look at his notes .
the lanterns lit up the dark night . there we 're several intricate lanterns . many of the lanterns showed very well at night time . my lantern was spooky and ghoulish . i used my smartphone to take a gallery of photos .
the location location bridge stood above them as they visited it . they moved through the subway trying to get to their destination . they got to the dance contest , just in time . they watched people dancing all night . they finished off the night by finding these tiny drawn robots in a window .
we decided to let the little man invite all of his friends over for a party . this is his best friend [male] , who had a few to many drinks that night . there was a bunch of lasagna for the party and everyone had seconds . little man was scooped up by his woman as soon as she entered the door . we finished off the party with a bunch of fondue .
[male] bear and his sister , [female] bunny , were very lucky children with wonderful toys . [female] had a fully furnished doll house with a whole family in residence . [male] had a terrific train set that went round and round , complete with a nearby town . both of them enjoyed playing with the ordinary robot . but by far the favorite toy that the children enjoyed was monster robot dinosaur !
the bedroom was very simple before the pillow fight . the ladies then went to the market and saw a funny gnome before going back home to bed .
[male] and [female] had their first date today . first they went to see some fireworks , which were beautiful . afterwards [male] bought [female] a balloon . she loved the happy face one ! afterwards the date ended in the most romantic and passionate way ... with a sweet rock concert !
moving to location was a huge decision . my family and i decided to go before we ever saw the raw beauty . the mountains and oceans merge together from all spots in cordova , location . we moved there last year to pastor a small church that is smack dab in the middle of the wilderness . we even discovered a hidden castle behind a small mountain that was built many years ago . no matter where i stand , i find the majesty of location . there are snow covered mountains and crystal blue oceans in all directions .
everyone gathered for game day . my husband stood with his mitt , upset by the score . my coworker was really into the game . while others just stood in the field . i sat in my chair laughing at the game .
we arrived at the event . people shook hands and talked . after a while , more people showed up . eventually the conference began . everyone took their seats and took notes .
there was an opportunity for the family to get photos together . here we are all together . this picture shows the siblings and their spouses . the two eldest in the group are here with each other . this is the younger generation of cousins . we were able to get one of just the four of us .
the big day has finally come ! here 's the gorgeous church we picked out . also the gorgeous cars we got for the special day . even the tent was gorgeous . we 're a stylish couple . the boys and i had a great time . husband and wife , finally . here 's to many great years !
the smith family know they needed the best lanterns for halloween . work began early , with family members taking shifts to get the pumpkins carved . it was hard work , but they knew it would pay off in the end . at the end of they day , there was an entire table full of jack o lanterns . come night fall , the smith 's had the scariest house on the street .
[female] with her cat before the photo shoot with her friends . first up was [male] he shined in front of the camera . next up was [female] she was a sexy fox . next up was [male] he looked like [male] jobs . and last was [female] partying like a rock star .
last week [female] got married at her church . she had her reception at a marina . there , all her friends and family gathered to celebrate . they even had a huge cake in the shape of a lighthouse . at the end of the reception , [female] said good bye to all her friends .
dad and i love cars . the local dealership hosted a small car show and they cooked food on the grill . my favorite car was this blue subaru . it was beautiful . they even did an oil change tutorial . all of the cars were beautiful . i ca n't wait to get me a new ride .
celebrating independence day with some friends . what a night ! we had some amazing fireworks going off and they were huge . this one looked like a spider on its web . so beautiful . the next day we saw this these trumpets blaring , it was quite a show . the city looks so boring with no more fireworks . maybe next year !
yesterday i had my championship soccer game take place . my team played the best they could . it was very close for a while . finally i made the last goal before time ran out . it scored ! victory !
as you travel through life , look at god 's beauty all around you . even in the dead of winter he takes joy in his creations . who else could form this . or make a tree look like an actual snowflake . still he gives us his promise of spring .
our annual vacation to the lodge was a lot of fun . we saw so many birds while hiking through the woods . the deer were so used to people that they just posed for pictures . we hiked all the way to a canyon where we could n't go farther . when we got back , we took a helicopter tour to see the rest .
[female] can only mean one thing , football ! the bus is loaded and ready to go . the coach is excited and expects a great season . sportscasters line up and hand out predictions for the upcoming season . but most important of all are the players . they 've been practicing all year for this moment .
my grandmother lives on a pretty , quiet street . there 's always a lot going on at her house . one day we all tried to juggle ! my grandmother was n't bad . my mother was n't as good . my grandmother was putting on quite a show by the end of the day . my mother barely could throw the ball in the air .
this year 's dorm halloween party had a `` what does the fox say ? '' theme . i dressed in a fox hat . my friend talon found a great fox mask . [female] wore horns ! i think she thought foxes had horns . some people did n't stick to the theme , but they seemed to have fun anyway . i took a lot of pictures , sneaking around to get them and being sly as a fox .
i had a dream i was going down a long tunnel with a light at the end . above were lights . or were they stars ? i finally found myself in a bright room . when things came into focus , i saw strange alien sculptures . i ran away from that building as fast as i could !
we went to a museum in location today . i saw mummies . this mummy looks really creepy with its pose . the building we were in was super pretty . from the outside , the scene was old and quaint . the windows also had some really cool detail . i enjoyed this trip .
[male] loved his house . and as much as he enjoyed his , but he loved being with his girlfriend [female] . and he enjoyed his girlfriend [female] 's even more than his own . he even put the good luck reef on his front door that she had given him . along the way to his girlfriend [female] 's house [male] passes his old job at the construction site down the street from him . [male] usually drives his car to [female] 's but today he only had enough gas in his car to get back and forth to work until payday , so he road his dirt bike through the streets to get to her . [male] even stopped at the seaport he passed along the way to catch a little fish . he knew it was [female] 's favorite . finally , he arrives and notices [female] has n't gotten home from work yet . he looks at his watch and smiles . only five minutes left .
everyone in attendance was clearly excited . there were a lot of smiles to be found ! a lot of bonding took place with the kids . of course some appetites got worked up along the way . but everyone had a great time .
we saw a lot of busy streets on our trip to the location . the fish market was bustling . there were many different types of fish to choose from . the customers deliberated to get the best deal . this little boy is not used to seeing tourists pass by .
my class went on a trip to local park . there , they had some small waterfalls . the flower we saw were exquisite . there were so many different color buds . we ended the day by a pond filled with goldfish .
[female] and some of her friends went on a bunch of blind dates on week . [female] 's first day was very unattractive but incredibly funny . [female] 's blind date looked like an anorexic serial killer . [female] 's date had social anxiety and would n't leave his house . [female] 's blind date was a down to earth guy , and she would eventually marry him .
the family took a trip to a foreign bazaar . while looking around they noticed all sorts of colorful and lovely designs . the mother especially liked the unique teapot designs . the grandparents tested out instruments , but they did n't sound so good . to avoid the embarrassing music from her grandparents , the daughter went to a neighboring shop and looked at cute dresses .
the people were gathering around the tub when they witnessed the man speaking before leaving it . only to come back to see people getting in the tub .
what are you dressed up as for halloween he asked ? they had pumpkin soup before halloween night . does anyone one want some `` eyeball '' cookies ? a scary head was in the chip bowl . the couple had a great time at the halloween party . now it is time for them to go out .
we won a bid on the locker during a storage auction . we were disappointed that the record player was not complete . we were excited to see who framed [male] rabbit movie memorabilia . we found some school notebooks that we had to throw away . we celebrated the locker finds by going out for lunch .
people should serious consider getting married in winter . this couple did and they had a great wedding . the bride and her friends looks gorgeous . the lucky couple walked together for the first time . they posed for pictures together . the looked stunning . she was a very happy bride .
the players interviewed before the game . then they walked out onto the field . the crowd gathered in the bleachers . the game began with an epic shot . it was a close game and an awesome night .
today my team and i ran the control room of the mayer 's ribbon cutting ceremony . we used dozens of screens . i made sure the mayer was safe during his speech . and i watched as he safely cut the ribbon . my team did an excellent job keeping everyone safe and monitoring the event today .
preparing for the entrance , everyone in the church gathers . the bride looks gorgeous , as she is brought into the church with her father . the ceremony commences and it is very passionate . creating memories , the camera people get the best angles . as it ends , they all leave to attend the after party and dance the night away .
the bleak weather could n't ruin the outlook of our wonderful wedding day . i had been looking forward to this day my whole life . my future husband and i had been sweethearts since the 10th grade . now here we were getting married on christmas eve in such a lovely atmosphere . just as i had always dreamed , we went on a magic cinderella carriage ride to the reception after the wedding .
this rope had ants all over it at the botanical garden . a really cool butterfly getting something to eat . some amazing flowers at the botanical garden . this flower had a really cool center . they even had birds at the botanical gardens .
this was my favorite bottle of wine we encountered this is the room where we had our wine tasting experience there was a shelf filled with some of the best wines they had to offer everybody was enjoying their drinks there was a beautiful view from outside the window
we had a lot too that day and we got our first errand done quick . we went to the water and had some fun to begin the day . we then went to another place we needed to go . the post office was our final stop and we were glad to be done with everything . the day was really beautiful and we had time to have more fun .
i visited my sister and her husband this weekend . she does n't like having her picture taken . we helped set up the christmas tree . after the christmas tree was set up we went out for dinner . after dinner we went back to their place where she showed us her flaming hula hoop trick .
we ate at the best breakfast cafe the other day . the coffee was delicious ! the lady who made the coffee was really nice and did n't mind us taking photos . i ca n't believe it was n't busier . on the way out i took one last snap shot of the outside and went home full .
i went to visit the cemetery yesterday to pay my respects . i planted the flag in one of the graves of the soldiers that gave their lives for the freedom of this country . night started to fall . at night the statues at the cemetery become slightly creepy . i decided to leave before it got darker .
a group of friends decided to take a road trip through location location . they stopped in a town called location . it was n't very lively out , despite being friday night . they walked around looking for a place to eat . they finally found an open cafe and had some mexican-american grub .
this was sure to be an exciting homecoming game . there were five contestants for homecoming queen . the homecoming king and queen contestants really look nice . it 's going to be a hard decision . here is all of the royalty together . the flower girl and crown bearer look so cute with our mascot .
the parents took the girl bowling for her birthday the people there were professinals and were very good . the guy in the red own everything and the girl was impressed .
[female] had a business trip planned and headed for the airport the airplane was comfortable and she had a nice ride finally she landed right at dawn . she waited for someone to pick her up for the meeting . then boarded the a plane home later that evening
today we went to watch my brother play soccer . he scored the first goal and received warm hugs from his teammates . a beautiful rainbow appeared behind him . they played through the rain . i am proud of my brother for winning the game for his team .
what can be better than halloween ? halloween at organization ! [female] in wonderland is all dolled up zombie style ! i still ate too much candy . the halloween parade is spectacular . the costumes are always so fun and so spooky ! we thank our host , [male] , for an unforgettable night .
i was so excited to go the botanic garden today . the walkways through the garden were paved , making it easy to walk through it . i finally reached an open field where i could stop and rest . it was the perfect place to have a little picnic lunch . after lunch , i continued to walk through the garden , enjoying it even though some flowers had not yet bloomed .
the community had a walk-a-thon going on today an a lot of people turned out . even the handicap showed up to support the community . the crowed was large and the event was a huge success . parents even brought their children in strollers to support the community . and at the end of the race they were all winners one way or another .
this cat likes to wait for mice that may lurk between the books . oh , oh the cat see 's that she is being watched and is suspicious . if this floor is slippery then you better watch your step . that guy seems to be jaywalking and that is illegal . a restful seat in the park for two lovely couples after a busy day .
there were a lot of children that came by my house last halloween . there were so many pretty costumes . some of them were scary too . i had to hand out a lot of candy . this year i 'm going to be prepared and buy a lot more candy .
the sun was just rising over the small town . there was a hotel that was on the far side of town . a woman and her husband and son were on vacation here . they were out on their deck , relaxing and watching boats . later in the day they headed out to tour the town a bit .
the group had a great night out at the brewery restaurant . they ordered sausages and other food to go with their beer . [female] loved her brew . [male] and [female] took big gulps from theirs too . later they all left , full and happy .
visited an old church.in this church was several stain glass windows with amazing biblical designs . each stain glass window had different pictures . memorial stone for some great people.this church is dedicated to everyone who is a member . this is what the outside of the church looks like.it 's amazing and beautiful . while at the church i spent some time in the grave yard.reading all the stones i seen a few from a hundred years ago .
when we got to the city , we expected to see some pretty modern things . imagine our surprise when we found an old style carnival right in the middle of the city . it was like we had stepped back into the past almost . we bought food , souvenirs , all kinds of little nicknacks . and before we knew it , the place was ready to close and we had to leave .
there was a rally today considering all of the iranian areas . they wished for more independance regarding communism . however the other side was n't willing to help them with their problem . the protesters began to get angry and make motivational speeches . the crowd was unmoved however , the protest still continues to this day
[male] aims his blowgun . mom warns , `` be careful with that , or someone might lose an eye ! '' [male] ducks , so he does n't lose an eye to the blowgun 's projectile . the projectile narrowly misses [male] . [male] looks on and laughs . this lady has a growth on her back .
i went to the ball game with my family last week . there were a lot of empty seats in the stands . my dad was sitting next to me the whole time . the game was very close . the players were very good but there was a lot of downtime in between innings .
we attended the reclaim the streets rally in sf . lots of bicyclists showed up to support the cause . some folks took it even further and decided to move in . a few cops were around , but they were just observing and it was a peaceful protest . overall it was a great event and lots of people showed up to enjoy the day .
my son and daughter were both graduating last week . my son was the youngest , and now he is moving on . we are proud of his astute achievements . he took a picture with his girlfriend before coming home . my other son is proud of my youngest son .
i talked my brother into having a halloween party this year . [female] , his wife dressed as a princess . one just came as a cowgirl . another guest dressed like a fairy . by the end of the evening there were many people there .
check out the view from this window . i love the large windows and balcony . the view is so beautiful and breath-taking , i can sit out here for hours . she is entering the building . this is our living space , it is kind of cluttered .
i went to the convention yesterday . there were a lot of people there . i got to meet a lot of different people . they were all very happy . we stayed to watch the presentations .
went to the public market , let 's see what we can find today ? parking was so easy , ca n't believe there were n't more cars here . fresh food , i 'm sold . they have some of the freshest crab in town , i 'll take 2 please . there were tons of people there and long lines for samples .
we visited my aunts . her patio table was so decorated . the sitting area lookes like a great place to read . i read and relaxed for hours . at night we had a candle lit dinner .
this was the most organic hiking trip i 've been on . the berries looked like something straight out of willy wonka 's factory . the animals had a very jurassic park feel to them . i felt like everything looked colorful and thus probably poisonous . the only sane looking thing was the flowers , at least they looked normal .
our home town is quaint . we jumped in the river , and walked down the empty streets . visited the post office for some packages , and then enjoyed the view .
[male] lost many friends in the war , and he was feeling particularly humbled at being asked to attend this meeting regarding the building of the monument . five weeks later at the ground breaking ceremony , [male] was the first to lift the dirt . a contractor showed him what the finished monument would look like , and [male] was thrilled by it 's beauty . a year later , [male] and his children visited the monument to find the names of his lost friends . they spent the remainder of the afternoon in the observation room , watching with delight as the crowd filed passed the new monument .
the guest stood as the bride walked down the aisle . the couple held hands as they proceeded with the ceremony . after being wed , the couple mixed sand together , symbolizing coming together as a family . after the ceremony , the guests and the couple headed towards the reception area to enjoy cake and their meals . the food was buffet style .
the family invited us to the water it was such a beautiful peaceful day at first then the dark clouds came rolling in we were afraid to go out on the water so we stayed in and did n't tempt fate
we were al waiting at the high school for my brother 's performance . my sister and i were so excited ! my brother did an amazing job on stage . he got a standing ovation ! his fellow actors were great as well ... here we are showing our purple nails to everyone .
at the celebration we went to there were many classic cars . these classic cars originated in the 1950s . there was also live music for us to enjoy . the kids had fun participating in a watermelon eating contest . some women were wearing silly mustaches .
the president of the school made a gut-wrenching speech . felicity decorated her cap with cool letters . she was awarded high honors in her class . she ran to see her parents afterward . they congratulated her and took her to [male] 's afterward .
the bride doing her hair for her wedding day . the bride wedding bouquet in green , pink roses and baby blue hydrangeas . the bride showing her shiny wedding band . the bride 's grandmother and the grooms grandmother . the groom and his best friend having a good time on the dance floor .
we went to stay at an old log home last weekend . there were many giant windmills surrounding the home . at night they would spin silently . when it really blew hard the noise they made was deafening . we had beautiful sunsets out there .
just walked into the place to have something to eat and hang out a little . a couple of people are joining in to the potential fun . looks like a couple of guys are having a beer . he looks like he`d like to join in with the others . this woman is a new addition to the gang forming inside .
i am here to read the challenge propose to the orange team . it reads , `` organization organization organization no one likes you because nothing rhymes with orange . '' oooooooo . those are fighting words . a battles began between the organization organization organization gangs . after hours of dancing nothing still rhymes with orange .
we went to [male] 's track meet . we gave him some energy drinks , but it was time for his race . he received the baton from [male] . we had a great time watching his team .
at the school we got many donations from kids for the poor . some kids brought teddy bears to give some kids brought simple things like stickers . all of them did give something though ! which was hope . even their mothers came by to give to the poor .
it was a beautiful day for a wedding . all of the bridesmaids were excited for the happy couple . and the groomsmen had a great time , too . the couple was clearly very much in love . they rushed off on their honeymoon as soon as they could .
when i was on vacation last week the town was very small . the river was nearby . i went for a walk many times . i liked the building for the post office . i had a great time there .
we went to the race to visit some friends . my best friend competed . the finish line was marked with balloons . military soldiers were there . the finish line was at a memorial .
[female] had an appointment that day to meet her boyfriend at exit 2 at the subway station . she waited and waited but did n't see him . finally she went up the escalator to get reception , and call him . when she called him , he did n't answer , and pissed she headed home . she did n't know that her boyfriend was busy at the club , hitting on girls .
graduation at the university was quite the affair . the speakers there were held in high esteem . they were lively and motivating . they spoke powerful and inspired . everyone cheered after .
i was born in location , a small town in location , and i love to go back to visit . my childhood home was on location location . my father was a fireman , so i go to visit the fire crew when i 'm there . they are always glad to see me . i feel like i 'm back in my childhood years when i 'm there !
it was halloween and the family was getting ready to take pictures . first up , the kids and their batman costumes ! next , everyone was finally ready to take the family picture . the dad tried to get the baby to look at the camera . after a long day of taking pictures , it was time to go trick or treating .
i wanted to do something different for my birthday so i convinced my firends to enter a dance contest with me . everyone had a good time goofing around , but they were not very good dancers . these two got zero points on their first dance and were eliminated , but they stayed till the end . i could n't believe it when i was eliminated , but it was still fun trying . the winners were unknown to me , but you can see how well they were dancing .
the family reunion had plenty of long-awaited greetings to start . eventually , we all filled each other in with deep conversation ... some of us were quite happy to see one another . of course , we filled our bellies with hearty food . what better way to celebrate family than over a delicious meal ?
today the family bought a used couch . the puppy is checking it out . everyone decides the couch looks great in the office . they like the couch because it reminds them of the covered bridges they saw on their trip to location location . they also like that the windmill designs remind them of their trip to location . the children found an old coin in the couch ! everyone was excited .
i have always collected dolls but i have only just discovered these macabre little things . ghoulie little girls with sunken eyes and black circles . this one could be the dead version of madame butterfly . or what about the teen angst gothic girl . they even have a ghoulie little bunny for her pet . i love innovative ideas .
having a good time with friends . gathering the glasses and the drinks . taking shots with his friends . feeling dizzy after a couple of shots . ready to call a cab and go home .
we walked on the boardwalk in our way to the tech convention . we passed a street market that was loaded with amazing looking fresh vegetables . we had to take a tram once we got on campus . we saw a robot demo that was really cool at the convention . outside , we met some guys who worked in our field and sat to talk with them a bit about our projects .
we went to a costume party for halloween . this lady won the prize for least costume worn . we have no idea who this guy was supposed to be , but he sure was fun to party with . this guy tried to be someone from a boy band . one of our friends dressed up as death . here 's us - not a very cohesive couple for costumes this year !
shopping in the city sometimes requires a bit of a commute . however , one gets to experience city life as they run their errands some people can make shopping a hassle . while others are simply in the same boat you are . but it is all worth it in the end to get to stuff your face with your favorite food .
the building had a big sign and equipment inside . there were coffee makers that the man used to make fresh coffee .
yes , i came to my friends wedding in sneakers , heels all night , no way ! my family was so happy for my sister on her big day . my mom is dancing with her new son in law . my sister and her husband taking time to take a picture for me . my brother in law has the moves going on .
liz was so happy to be on vacation . she had a great view of the mountains from her hotel . she went to the local restaurant nearby . she had herself a tasty corn dish . she loved the sweet taste and texture of her food as she posed for a picture .
the food at the restaurant was delicious . they also had a live band . they were very good . we took a lot of pictures of that night . we also were able to chat with some of the band members .
the hall where my sister graduated was beautiful . the wait for the procession to start was tiring . finally , it started . the graduates looked so happy . after , my sister took a picture with her classmates . we took her to a restaurant after and she played coy .
the family decides to visit an historical landmark . after seeing the building they head to the streets . they see many shops with many nice things inside . then they head over to the organization . such a beautiful city they are visiting .
my buddy and i are going to a beer festival . we are early and not too many people are here . the tasting room is set up . they are poring right from the kegs . that is the look of happiness on my face .
time to start the day . first i get dressed . next there is laundry to be done . i ca n't forget to make dinner . sigh ... i think it 's time for a nap .
i was so happy because i was about to celebrate my birthday . i was presented with a beautiful cake while people clapped . i made a wish and blew out the candles . my friends and family were happy for me . afterward my boyfriend played my favorite song on the guitar .
my son 's were more then ready for the trip out into the woods . as soon as we got there [female] had set up the camera to take some pictures . this little guy wasted no time getting into one of her shots though . after hiking around for a bit we had worked up a bit of a hunger . good thing for all of us , [female] is not only an amazing person , but also an amazing cook .
everyone is out camping in there tent . then when they wake up , people began selling things . at night time people come out and read . more people come read and gather among each other . people began to read to the crowd while they all follow along .
[male] is born as a happy young and healthy boy . soon he grows up and attends a class to learn to swim . at the pool he meets some friends and they are given pool safety instructions . [male] relaxes at home knowing he had a great day . just another great 4th of july day in location for [male] .
when we got to the bar there were already a lot of people there . i found my friends sitting by the bar . they wanted to play some pool so we waited for a table to open up . we had a lot of fun playing . some people did not know how to play .
asian subways always impress me . the floors are so clean i would eat off them . couldnt say that about american subways . its odd to see them deserted , usally they are packed . i would take this to work every day if i could
the night started off slow enough . everyone sat around chatting . then the drinks came out and things started to get a bit hairy . after a few drinks , the girl started picking things up randomly and demanding to be photographed with them . after a few more drinks , she tried to eat a frog . she passed out after that . the next night , it started all over again .
[female] was happy to arrive at orientation . she and her friend even slide down the stairs they were so energized . but when they got there this nerdy guy was talking about his invention . and in the other room some kind of depressing support group was going on . so [female] and her friend left the building to find something more fun to do .
the family vacation took us far and wide , this estate was particularly impressive . artwork such as this statue left me awestruck at it 's realism and size . there were plenty of places to grab a bite , hamburgers are always a favorite . we saw an old timey paddle wheeler going up the river . looks like a fun ride ! we had to stop awhile and enjoy the lively music from the band .
the front runners raced through the city . another group followed behind . some waved at supporters . there were many participants in the race . some had to walk to the finish line .
my husband is a huge sports fan . he 's always watching some sport on tv i do n't even know the name of . i ca n't get what this sport is ! it kind of looks like a cross between soccer and football . i know in soccer , you ca n't hold the ball , so it 's probably not soccer . the ball looks like a football , but the players do n't have any helmets on . my husband watches like it 's the super bowl , and i just roll my eyes .
for halloween this year we decorated the entire house in ghosts and pumpkins . for this pumpkin , we carved it out and gave it face before completing destroying to scare people . we painted this pumpkin with makeup on it to make it look like a lady pumpkin . the trick or treat kids were terrified when they saw the skeleton body . while some people ran away from the house we did have people that made it to the front door throughout the night .
[male] on his graduation day . [male] as he hugs his fellow classmate on stage , [male] and [male] are so proud of [male] we took a picture with [male] as well ! the location mascot had time for the fresh graduates .
fireworks made for a relaxing evening , after the crowds started growing . we tried hanging at the tent for the most part . most fans walked around chatting to pass the time . i had plenty of time to drop back and get a good pick , of our spot in line . even had so much time i was able to climb up and get an areal view .
i went to the skate park yesterday . i met a few other people while i was there and they challenged me to some tricks . they did their tricks first . they were very good . i was unable to do tricks as well as they were and i lost .
a father with his daughter and son . little did they know he would come out as gay later that night . they are no longer on speaking terms on account of their conservative christianity . four asian people posing for an image . they are all related . an older man with his younger wife . she will later divorce him for infidelity . a man with his wife . they are honestly boring because they do nothing wrong a sexy young woman in all black . she is on the prowl for richer older men .
maclain accepts the trophy from the organization committee . they host a party just in his favor . they even bring in the marching band . the cheerleaders from his school even make the trip . dr rivers congratulates maclain on being awesome .
a seal laying on the ground in the snow . the seal sees the cameraman . the cameraman takes a picture of the seal . a dog looks on at the seal . the seal nuzzles another seal laying on the ground .
the party started off like any other . there was some delicious cake . and we opened presents as well . things started to get wilder as the night went on . it was certainly a night no one will forget .
it was a day for the musicians to get together . they started to slowly show up and they brought their own instruments . everyone always loves to sing that song . finally the electric guitarist showed up . one last jam session before the day is through .
i chaperoned a field trip to the theater recently . the play was from the renaissance era . the stage lighting was very historically accurate . however , the theater was quite modern-looking . i thought about the play for a while after i saw it .
i went to visit my grandparents today . my grandpa just turned 91 ! my grandma is a bit younger , she 's 68 ! when i arrived , there was breakfast already waiting for me . my grandma even baked me cookies for my stay !
i went to hear a speech by a local motivational speaker . his speech was unique , and helped me make some goals for myself . he even included a slide show with his presentation . he also included the audience , which helped us to be more attentive . here he is giving me a copy of his book .
the people marched the street in memory of the man . the officials made their way through town to show their condolences . his funeral procession passed through the streets . solemnly , the people looked on . afterwards , the people chatted and visited .
brothers bike riding in the mountain . exploring an abandon house . and discovering a hidden chamber . secret passage way to the beach . beautiful view of the beach at the end of the tunnel .
halloween is my favorite time of year . i always put a lot of effort into make my home extra spooky during halloween . i do n't turn on many lights . i take time to make a lot of home-made decorations . i take lots of pictures as well .
the people were attending an exhibit of japanese arts and cooking . one of the classical japanese musical instruments is a stringed instrument called a koto . the boys demonstrated more crafts . the spectators were treated to a lesson in flower arranging . some of the participants received a hand-on cooking lesson .
i spent all day decorating the place for the wedding . the bride and groom were very excited . everyone looked great for the event . i lit some candles . i set up all the tables and chairs .
i took the train to go visit my brother . he was there to pick me up at the train station . we posed for a quick selfie before heading into town . in town , we saw an old man feeding a bunch of pigeons . later in the day , we went to the park and met some other people .
we had a birthday party . it was at a local restaurant . lots of people came . we had cake too . it was a great time .
the local armory is now part museum . it houses old cannons and relics from previous wars . inside , there are pictures of more modern combat . it also houses many guns and weapons , to show the technological advancement . usually , it is very quiet outside . but you can always find at least one or two veterans who return and sit outside , just remember their days at war .
last week i decided to drive out into the city to visit the cemetery . it was deep in downtown so i had to drive through rush hour traffic to get there . when i got there i made sure to read every gravestone that i passed by . there were so many graves there . i did n't have time to visit all of them .
the action day event had plenty of information available for its attendees . the staff worked very hard to maintain safety and security throughout the event . people from all walks of life came to participate . the march wrapped up and a great time was had by all . we were having so much fun leaving was the hardest part of the day .
capturing family moments on at the party was my favorite part of the day . when the little guy arrived all eyes were on him . everyone was happy to be there for the day . he could tell that he was going to have a good day . i am so glad i got to be a part of something so special .
field operations can be very stressful . it 's a lot different than office work . we are constantly dealing with equipment that breaks down a lot . we are out talking to the villagers and trying to help them . and yet there is still marching , lots and lots of marching !
a rainy day with a convey of trucks waiting to unload . the man checks in the truck making sure all is correct . the truck driver and checker chat outside . a picture of the drivers and checkers . another truck waiting to be unloaded .
it is going to be a great cookout . i have all the food needed . fresh shucked corn . the best wieners ever ! grilling it all up . and , slyly adding my secret ingredient .
[female] was embarking on a day of accumulating some more of her photographic art . her first subject was a portrait of a man in a hat . the backgrounds is stark adding to the artistic expression of the photo . next , [female] took a photo of still art . she appreciated the pattern seemingly extending forever . back to a live subject , she selected a female with a sense of motion in the photo . the last item was another still art with a pattern that fascinated [female] . she was comfortable with the mix of portraits and still art she created .
a show and demonstration of ladies accessories . there were lots of items set up for this . boots , purses and other accessories were displayed . some were more expensive than others . an expert from the fashion industry was there to explain everything .
it was a cold day at the historic organization . there had been a blizzard the previous night and everything was covered in snow . the beautiful trees still had little red flowers blooming out . it was a gorgeous winter day . there were many beautiful flowers such as tulips throughout the school . everything was covered in a soft white blanket of snow . the day was a cold and brisk , but it was such a beautiful sight to see .
here are all my friends at the navy seal . our ship is where we spend most of our time , obviously . [female] is one of the meanest people there . our ship is clean and orderly . these ladies like to give me a hard but the truth is i 'm in love with one of them .
[male] and i crashed a wedding today . we caught the bride assaulting this man , reason is still unknown . these guys were all really scared of us , we 're not sure why . the photographer asked us to hold his camera for a moment so we snapped this picture . i guess the bride made up with that man she was assaulting earlier .
at the halloween party , my friends were dressed up as two people on a boat . my other friend had her costume on that she thought she would not fit into . my two friends got a picture with a guy wearing a skeleton mask and shirt . the party was a hit and everyone enjoyed each others company . my friend was upset that her costume was shown up by many other people .
there were a lot of cool things at the museum . the had so many different pieces of paper . some of them were diplomas . i saw some rare shirts . it was a lot of fun .
let put together a train make sure to wear your goggles when you are using tools let 's make this train personal putting the finishing all aboard the fun train
this is before i start to get some art on my arm i am a little nervous , but i out out my hand anyway . the artist starts to draw a design . it is a long stem with leaves , so far so good . the end result was just what i wanted . this was great .
the tourists excitedly walked through the safari park . they were excited to see the animals and the oddly shaped trees . they trekked through the park in search of the hiding animals .
the family went for their annual winter vacation . they took turn posing for pictures . dad was taking a picture of his wife , his daughter and the family 's dog . the family walked around enjoying the snow . the lake appeared to be frozen .
the couple held a party , everyone was invited . the people that came , talked all night and conversed about everything . some people had never met before , still talking to anyone they could . the night was a hit , and most people loved the party . at the end of the night , everyone had fun .
it was too cold to be out on the deck . but they did n't care , they wanted to watch the town disappear . they could see the captain at the stern . they were waiting on the streamliner diner to open . one of their friends worked there .
an old piano sat in the center of the store . there were antique dishes and other items . musical items were popular among shoppers . many artistic pieces were available at very cheap prices . vintage images were also favorites .
we left on the subway to get to the convention venue . hundreds of people and computers were lined up . we pulled an all-nighter and only broke briefly to eat . we were at it so long that we got kind of punchy from lack of sleep . it was a really fun way to spend our weekend in the city .
it is a beautiful morning to visit the original location location location location . early morning is a great time to beat the crowds . there are unusual plants to be seen . the variety of flowers is simply amazing . there are short flowers . there are tall flowers . flowers you never knew existed .
a birthday party was throw for the organization . first everyone put up decorations for the party . then the cake was brought out for everyone to eat . after that there was a speech given for everyone . at the end of the party every one gathered for a group photo .
the entire family dressed up as hippies for halloween costume contest . last year mom and dad won a prize for best costume . dad 's crusty old fisherman costume took first place the year before that . this year they will have to beat dr. who and his companion as well as mr . incredible and his son .
i am proud to be a member of the organization organization organization . my colleagues and i are in charge with protecting our nation 's waterways . more often than not things are calm and peaceful . i even met my wife in the organization organization . i could n't be happier serving as a member of location 's armed forces .
i am artistic . i take artistic photos . today it 's of plants . like this one . it has lots of leaves .
it was christmas eve and all was quiet not a soul around only jacob outside he found a new friend and the two got to know each other and this was left for santa that night
our family vacation at our old lake house was a lot of fun . my boyfriend and i spent a lot of time together doing many things . i really enjoyed riding in the canoe . i was getting hungry and wanted to go back to the house . dad must have been reading my mind and had something ready to eat .
this year she brought her dog to watch the halloween dog parade . there are so many cute costumes , like this little devil . this dog looks just like a jack 'o lantern . some dogs prefer a more `` royal '' look . but the winner of this years award for cute , goes to this little prisoner .
location location , location location baby ! inside some cool ass building ! organization organization at dusk night time x-mas , only location location style . happy new york year
going to the city was great because it was the most gorgeous city i had ever seen . the buildings were built well and near trees . the house that we stayed in was large and accommodating . getting to look out at the blue sky all day was our reward . the flowers in the grass were gorgeous and we picked some .
[male] took out all his old pictures . he found a class photo from his childhood . this coupon he had saved expired twenty years ago . he found a photo of his sister 's birth . he was happy to still have a collectible card from his favorite team .
at the office getting down to work for the day . the company needs to find a way to dispose of the broken towers an monitors . one co-worker giving the other worker a hand with the project . had to offer my friend a tic tic , i think he had onions on his hot dog . a young man waits for his interview as he hopes to be hired by the company .
this was us in location location preparing for a long wait . i mean long wait camping tents included . we were so lucky to be the first to arrive . we camped all night awaiting apples release of the new iphone . hot dog from street vendor were not the best idea when camping out .
we had a full day of skiing . the evening moon looks beautiful . my friend enjoys a cigarette outside while we walk to dinner . i keep telling him smoking is bad , but he does n't listen so i just give him this disappointing face . but i always forgive him . we walk towards the lodge for dinner . the rest of our group is already there . we had to fun weekend away .
i went for a walk one day . there were many buildings in the area . they were all very old . some of them needed to be repainted . after i did some shopping i went back home .
mom decided to take her daughter to the carnival . they rode a lot of rides . their favorite was the dragon ship . then they spent some time trying to win stuffed animals . it was a great day !
nature is fascinating it . even where things seem lifeless . there is an overabundance of creatures within . from birds of prey stalking the skys . to mammals grazing across the plains .
[male] and [female] went to visit the stone city today . it is very unique and special . the city has been formed throughout the years by the water and nature . [female] admires how the city was formed and how it stays there during the storms . [male] says he likes the really tall one . they remind him of skyscrapers . [female] takes one more photo to remember the stone city . it is off to lunch for the two of them .
a group of people protested in costumes . they waited on the street for people to pass by . then they would hand fliers to people that would pass by . after that they walked down the street to find more people . they stopped a couple of men as they were walking inside the building .
there are so many different flowers in my garden . i like the white ones especially . these are pink , and they are growing in great . look how large the bush of flowers has gotten . i even have some friendly animals hanging around .
it was commencement time for [female] ! the whole stage was packed with faculty and graduates . her family caught sight of her before her diploma was presented . she looked a little nervous . afterwards , though , she was goofy as ever !
i took the family in my trailer for a year of adventure . we plan on driving all over the country to see what we can see . i made sure to bring all of my camera equipment so that we can take plenty of pictures . it 's going to be so much fun and i want to be sure to capture every moment . we are going to have a great time .
when the day started , these men began working on the cathedral . they installed a frame to structure the clock . these two men wasted most of their time and worked very little . they were replaced by two other workers who worked quickly . they were almost finished with the clock by night time .
i was looking through the toy catalog yesterday . there were many expensive toys . some of them were cool . i tried to decide which one to buy . i think i 'll buy this one .
some people watched our march from their work place . people in the restaurant showed their support . even the children participated . we crossed the last street on our route . a lone bicyclist closed in the ranks at the end .
the group of friends arrived to the dance party . once everyone arrived they all greeted each other . they started with having a few drinks . then they went to the dance floor to start dancing . at the end of the night not everyone was having a good time .
i climbed the stairs . the lead to this place . it was a beautiful stream . it was in the jungle . and there was a waterfall .
the large castle build was magnificent . the picture of the firl in front of the pond with the bulding in the background . the historic building had character on thd city corner street . the location that we ate at had a beautiful view . the two of us are just hanging out after an eventful day .
the graduates to be are nervous as they approach the stage . the daughter celebrates after graduating and receiving her diploma . family members are eager to congratulate the new graduate . friends from school laugh together for the last time before going their separate ways . a small luncheon is held so that family and friends may socialize and celebrate this happy occasion .
the fireworks started with a bang . everyone immediately heard the noise and looked up to see the bright colors exploding in the sky . the fireworks continued as the night went on in celebration of our country 's independence .
today , we went to help spruce up the town by planting small trees along the road . we started digging holes on where we planned on planting the trees . after the holes were dug , everyone stood back to admire their work . the girls posed next to the new tree they helped plant . overall , the tree was firmly planted and ready to start growing tall .
our visit overseas , led us to the town market , where another day , we discovered many new things . the religious statues being our favorite .
i went to see an awesome band called organization organization . the lead singer was giving us his whole life . as they say `` give the drummer sum '' ! he did an awesome solo . the lead and bass guitarist were in unison it was epic . standing on the drum , wow , what a way to end the show i still ca n't stop thinking about it .
location location location is bustling during the day . as nighttime draws near on new years eve in nyc the bustling and energy rise to an all time high . traffic and people make their way to location location . people from all over the country and world come to organization organization to watch the new years eve countdown . the scream `` five , four , three , two , one ... happy new year ! ''
we went for a hike in northern location . we crossed through the redwood national park . we climbed up some small mountains . and laughed at the novelty of the solar toilet . we found a really large redwood tree .
we finally arrive after the long flight . i headed straight to my friends house where he was holding a small gathering . my friend poses for a picture while eating food . we later get to our hotel to check in . all of us head outside and enjoy the snow .
the organization organization organization parade always kicks off on time . first up are the toy soldiers from toy story . then buzz , wood and friends . of course the best part is the star wars characters . darth vader is always a favorite .
when we finally brought our son home from the hospital so many people were at home with us to see him . everyone wanted a chance to hold him ! we were all so happy to have a new addition to the family . my parents were so proud to be grand parents ! i am so happy and i love my son very much !
my first visit to an out of my state church . looks really beautiful . the windows are gorgeous . the paint on the walls are exquisite . this is a lovely place to worship . more windows on the other side of this church . this room is quiet . i do n't think i 'm allowed in here . out in the yard , all the beautiful crosses .
my friends participated in a dance off . another one of my friends came to cheer them on . she is a little bit of a ham . there were lots of couples competing . the event was pretty large .
i had a great time at the house party yesterday . some people showed me their cool tattoos . everyone was laughing . some people had fallen asleep . after a few hours i decided to leave because i had work in the morning .
m & ms came over for a visit . i told my sisters eminem was in the house downstairs . they ran down the stairs but he joke was on them . mom and dad also ran downstairs to see . my sister laughed at them and started dancing around because they fell for it too .
our local bar threw their annual halloween party last weekend . it was fun , a lot of drunks wearing rubber masks . pretty much standard . [male] seemed to be a big target for the drunk masked people , but he kept smiling . but things got kinda weird when they announced their own version of `` coyote ugly '' was going to take place . and so a lot of the waitresses and some of the patrons jumped up on the bar and danced . it was pretty wild .
this place has the most beautiful scenery . there are great places to stop and eat . they have billboards like i had never seen before . the buildings are as tall as i can see . i loved it so much , i decided to buy a place of my own !
a view from the top taking in the sites from below . a church waiting for the faithful to arrive . rows and rows of pumpkins for the autumn season . touring a very large mansion while on vacation . dropping into the shops for some nick nacks .
the organization organization organization ( organization ) opened its doors to an annual conference that would educate the public on global issues . any passerby would be greeted with a sign that showcased that this was indeed the organization 's headquarters . a large sign , stationed outside warned of the problem with water contamination . it was n't long before camera crews began to show up , hoping to get a new story . there were also protestors who arrived , believing that the organization was not doing enough for the community .
the davidsons went all out for halloween last year . they carved jack-o-lanterns , and some were whimsical . some of the jack-o-lanterns were downright scary . there was even a hearse as part of the spooky decorations . neighborhood parents and trick-or-treaters were frighteningly impressed .
it was going to flood soon . it was explained how they were going to mitigate the flooding . people volunteered to put up sandbags . they set up a line to keep the bags moving . a lot of sandbags had to be put out .
miss eliot was the first in town to have a camera and offered to take family portraits for my family . the kids had their pictures taken first because [male] could n't hold his head up very long with his gigantic bow tie . next , miss eliot tried to capture a candid shot with dad and his little girls . ma and pa were next to commemorate their fun life on the homestead . it was such a great occasion that the entire family turned out so we could archive our family tree .
we got the whole family together to take a large family photo . all the sons and daughters got together for a photo . mom even got together with her sister for a photo . so many of us took a picture of this , they did n't know where to look . we also got the grand kids to take a few pictures as well for the photo album . finally we also got the immediate family members together to take pictures .
i 'm going to sit back and wait for the fireworks display . that 's the same idea i had . this is boring though . ooh cake . how did they make a flag on each slice ? awesome ! the fireworks are about to begin . there they go !
the city was filled with a snow base . we took a group photo in our living room . outside , the city line was amazing . i told my friend to take a photo in front of the city . the water fountain in the city was grand .
today [female] and [female] celebrated their engagement . all their friends and family members attended . they went to a nice restaurant where [female] and [female] first met . it was a little awkward at first but after a few drinks the table became lively . the entire restaurant could hear how much of a good time they were having .
i went to the local baseball game , halfway in we still had n't seen any action . people were growing restless , and a few even left . all of a sudden a pitch like nobody had ever seen was thrown . the batter managed to hit it out of the park . after that the game had everyone 's attention .
i finally tried some time lapse photography . it was a little too foggy . i changed to taking art type pictures . this was a pretty scene . finally i tried a macro shot .
the flowers had come into bloom . the squirrel was hungry , what would he eat ? he saw the purple plant . he decided to go with the yellow flower . oh no , he did n't notice his favorite plant , the red one .
i went to a village . many trees grew there . they were taking over . the village was in ruins . but it was still epic .
i visited my grandmas house recently , her dog fritz was happy to see me . i was obsessed by this old wide chair that i had sat in so many times over the years . some of the images on the chair showed many cool things like this wooden bridge.. or this old school windmill , i never really paid attention to these before . as i bonus i even found this old coin , i 'm not sure what it is , so it is off to do some investigating , what a cool old chair .
the man stood waiting during the graduating ceremony . the whole graduating class patiently waits during the ceremony . after the ceremony , the class takes a group picture . the man 's family is so proud of him for graduating . he celebrates with his younger sister at the end of the day .
mother and child are happy . something funny is going on . the little one has no idea . someone 's in for a surprise . maybe we 'll find out over dinner .
the local battle of the bands started with some typical vandalism . one of the signal lights was damaged . the bands started playing and this year , they were pretty good . the sound system was pretty terrible though . hundreds of people came for a listen . afterwards , we found some cardboard cutouts and we decided to play some carnival games with them .
we went to the stone soup festival . the man showcased his items . this couple bought a plant . these two showed pieces of paper . lastly , a group of friends are seen making soup .
shouts for corporations to be held accountable for their actions rang through the air . dissatisfied with the ever-looming presence of coal and its impact on the environment , many people took to the streets . others protested in their own clever ways , calling out tax dodging executives and corporations . this sort of thing brings a community together , and the rhythm of hand drums somehow seems to help as well . and indeed , by nightfall thousands had gathered to speak their minds .
the turkey was golden and ready to come out of the oven . he carved the turkey before putting it on the table . we all gathered around the dining table with a fruit center piece . we talked and gave thanks while we waited . we stayed and visited after dinner .
this is my last day as a normal teen . where did it all go wrong , what did i do . i was a normal boy look , i was good . no no no , its not my turn it cant be . ill be a laughing stock with these on .
when we arrived at the small town , we were ready to explore and enjoy the sights . so many old and interesting buildings , we just didnt know where to start . i wonder whats down this street ? i hope lots of little shops , since i love to shop . we found this old church , i bet its been here for hundreds of years . such a beautiful day and im enjoying so much , all the sights to see .
the young boy wanted to come outside . dad plays by pretending to throw him in the pool . mom actually does dunk the boy in the kiddie pool . grand dad is working the grill . the grilled chicken went well with a cold hard lemonade .
my friend decided to show off his new warehouse office to me one day . the office was an open plan , but had a kitchen worked in to the former warehouse space . his future office had the brick wall of the building as a feature wall . the ceiling had interesting light fixtures installed . the floor plan showed where his office was in relation to all the others .
i went down to this cool flower and drink shop to see what all the fuss was about . they had all of these cool powders and stuff for sale . here is a close up of the one that i thought was the best . they make these flower scented drinks that look really delicious . they also make some wines . you know i had to try one of those !
went to location over the weekend . met actress [female] [male] . met the [male] krueger guy . my buddy 's costume . best costume of the convention .
[male] and i got married today . i posed for many pictures . this one is my favorite . my two kids chandellier and margorita . my brother [male] texted me this picture of himself not at my wedding . he wanted to show his support . he also texted me a picture of my dad at home who also did n't attend my wedding because they hate my husband . my mom did however come . she hates my husband for being a man as well but she came to support me .
they wandered the golf course ... and , took in the beautiful scenery.. especially the rotunda near the 16th hole ... after the round of golf , they headed for the pond . where they sat by the shore for hours .
this year we went to a new city for our family vacation . when we arrived it seemed there was a protest going on people gathered under tents . many onlookers took pictures . when the crowd dispersed all that was left were balloons in front of the capital .
last monday i bought a new camera . i thought that the local 4th of july fireworks display would be a good time to try it out . i can adjust the shutter speed to give a blurry effect colors show up great even in the dark ! it 's also got a sport setting to let me take action shots !
the groom getting a little nervous . the groomsmen getting ready . the brides parents waiting for the bride . the groomsmen having fun . siblings congratulating one another .
the steeple on the little country church had been repaired especially for her . candles were everywhere . [female] petals had been tossed on the furniture and the floor . it was a special day for everyone in the town . it 's not everyday a country music singer got married in their hometown .
when i got to the party everyone was happy to see me . i sat and watched some movies . i also got to meet a lot of interesting people there . they were also happy to be there . some of them were unhappy to be there .
today my band played live . we are such a fun group to be around . one our fans even made us food . another fan made us a t shirt . we will play anywhere and everywhere .
so yesterday we went on a tour of organization . we found a crazy lady selling cookies on the side of the road . we met some guys . we checked out the library . and then we went home .
i think i was just arriving when i took this picture . i can say that this shot came out way too dark . this guy seems to be all alone but he has a team of friends sitting just opposite out of the frame . i kept hearing this guy call me over to take his photo , but he kept moving and made the shot come out blurry . i usually just do n't talk to anyone but this guy had to be one of the best comedians ever . he had me laughing the rest of the night .
there was an exercise in the city today people in hazmat suits walked around to raise awareness they were telling people about potential hazardous waste they really caught the attention of the fat cats the big business people couldnt get into their building
for the halloween party , [female] dressed all in black . she is chatting with friends she has n't seen in a while . everyone has such great costumes , one lady even came dressed as red riding hood . another guest decided to come as a pokemon character . even little kids dressed up for this party .
me and a few coworkers decided to go out for happy hour . my assistant was thrilled because she was tired from working so much and needed some relaxation . to my fellow coworkers could n't wait to sit at the bar and have drinks . my two bosses were really enjoying themselves . it started getting late and we realized we did n't even have dinner yet .
it took a long time for me but i eventually finished making my cake . i put it up on a pedestal for everyone to see the work that i did . i made a huge mess when trying to transport it . there were some other things that other people put up on their pedestals but i think my cake was better . some people put up a bunch of garbage .
for anyone interested in organization organization , this was the place to be . there were displays everywhere , featuring information and welcoming land rover enthusiasts . some of the latest and greatest models were on display . older models were there too , representing the brands earlier days . the lines of organization seemed to go on forever , offering every visitor plenty of opportunity to check them all out .
i ran into an [male] [male] protest while in the city . everybody had protest signs . many ethnicity were represented . there were even some hispanics there . people were leaving graffiti everywhere .
we were there to watch him . he was on the court . it was good to be honored . it was a cold night . they are the cutest couple .
the soldiers marched in line they carried the nations great flag into the church many played bagpipes the soldier exchanged the flag to the other soldier and he gifted it to the veteran sitting down
we got a private tour of the field we got to walk around and take pictures i got right at the field goal post the stadium was huge organization is a fun place to visit
there was a parade in location with a marching band from the military . people watched from the building windows . many more people watched from the sidewalks . when the parade was over people talked about it together . one man was determined to protest the event with a large sign .
an advocate for african american youth attends a fundraiser . many of the little girls that she 's promoting are jumping rope . the children are very happy that the advocates have come to visit them . a little girl even receives a new bicycle . all of the children say goodbye and give hugs to the kind people who support them .
meeting trying to gather ideas for our new product . listening to some of the staff ideas on which way we should go . showing them the pros and cons of the solution that was suggested . we wanted to get a group picture of everyone who participated . thanking everyone for coming and will keep in touch with them .
it was a spooky night in our neighborhood as everyone prepared for halloween festivities . our very best friends and neighbors arrived to help us get ready for the party and trick or treaters . after a quick snack we all got to work on pumpkin carving and decorations . the pumpkins came out amazing and we arranged them outside to greet the kids coming for candy . our first friend in costume arrived and it was superman . he was the first of many visitors that night !
the woman was so happy that she took photos with her ladies . the man liked his flowers and secrets were going around before the final set of pictures .
hey , let 's all party . no . we do n't like to party . let 's sit here and judge them while they party . can i join in ? we 're too cool for these losers , let 's go .
my company hired a motivational speaker to come talk to us . he was very convincing . my boss interrupted him sometimes though . he gave us some great pointers on being productive . he also pointed out some extra things we could be doing .
my son , [male] , is part of a fantastic high school . the football program is top notch . the marching band can not be reckoned with by competitors . a parade happens every week . [male] is a proud teacher at organization 's high school .
family goes out for a camping trip and then they see trees carved with different kind of stuff and bird eggs laying around , and also some type of orange splat of liquid and then they take a break and drink some water
this is nico 's fish market . it is a small business . it has an outdoor diner and an indoor diner that includes a bar . the food is juicy and fresh and made by a great cook . if you get full on the entree , you can take your desert to go . it is a really nice place to have a meal .
the woman was felling awful . doctors gave her the medicine she needed . she rested , but she was beginning to recuperate . soon , she was back teaching her students . she celebrated her health with dinner at her favorite restaurant .
today i went to see my old teacher give a speech . he was very informative on economics . he made the speech come alive . he really knew his information . all in all i learned a lot today about economics .
mr. stoker arrived in his grey passenger vehicle , adorned with custom plates and inane stickers . his faithful servants etched his sigil upon the sand , calling upon the powers of transformation ! in a blink of a shutter , mr. stoker turned into a multi-colored dragon , riding the wind eddies of the cloudy sky . but alas ! the sun appeared , and burned him into a little black crisp . his no longer so faithful servants quickly found a holy building to purge their souls of his depravity .
the organization organization organization organization organization has a lot to decide today . mr. whithers is pushing to get a lot changed for the better . it 's hard to say just who is on his side this day . the eyes of the community are on them as deliberate . it will be hard to convince his colleagues of these changes .
everyone had fun at the costume party . the costumes ranged from wild to realistic . some resembled everyday night wear . others resembled creatures from horror movies . a few looked great in pairs .
this is one of my pet chuchi . we love to walked every morning . along the way we found a butterfly that injured on the left wing . as we walked we see this beautiful nature that full of greens . on the other side we have this view in which no leaves on the tree . after 2 weeks this is what happen to the tree . so sad to look at .
[male] made dinner , there was peas and carrots . there was baked mac and cheese . the turkey was excellent , kat loves the dinner rolls .
one of the triathlons events was swimming and despite the cold weather , everyone got in the water . they dried off as quickly as possible then got on their bikes and pedaled as fast as they could . when they were done biking they took off running , the sun was beating down harder and some had to use water to cool down . the participants started to return to the venue and look for food and water . everyone got a participation ribbon .
they had a long trip to get to sweden.. and , they were happy to get to the hotel and rest.. she even wanted to take a short nap . then they went out to dinner and enjoyed a great evening.. when they returned to the hotel , their mom sent a photo of their babies playing at home
adults getting ready for the big halloween party . guests in costume get ready for fun and games at the party . two adorable children in costume at the festivities . the parade of costumes to see who wins the grand prize . two adults at the party cuddle together .
[male] is cleaning out his train . he then goes and sees his pet polar bear . after seeing his pet polar bear a brown bear comes up to him . then an owl comes from out of nowhere . a zebra comes too !
a day out at the fair where lot is going on lots of people is there they is buying pizza there is a horse and biggie race also there are horses and young baby horses there and lots of games also to play
it was the couple 's wedding day . they were happy to finally tie the knot . the crowd cheered as they shared their first kiss . they stopped for a photoshoot outside of the house . exchanging their vows were they highlight of the evening .
these girls are looking forward to a day the park . stretched out in the sunshine for little relaxation , well deserved . the girls engage in a little wrestling match , all in good fun . she does a little stretching to loosen up . the girls compare biceps to see who has the bigger muscles .
i went to the ski resort last night . it was very dark at night there . the only light was from the lodge . we did some night time skiing . when we got back inside we had a warm espresso .
it was a nice summer day when josh and [female] graduated . [female] 's little brother came to the ceremony and brought some balloons to celebrate . josh 's friends also came to graduation . josh and [female] took some candid photos with their friends . the actual ceremony was inspiring and fun !
i decided today would be the day i was going to conquer my fear of roller coasters and go on the mantis . i thought reading all the safety checks would help ease my fear but it did n't . this is no ordinary coaster , here you can see where it loops around upside down . this is the scariest part , you go straight up then free fall down backwards . this is the bush i threw up in after i got off the coaster , and no i did n't conquer my fear .
does anyone know an interior designeer to take this blank slate and make something beautiful it 's hard work to make design work of a wall umm this is not what i was looking for
there were alot of great costumes at the halloween party . indiana jones took first place some people did n't put any effort int oit there were some really freaky costumes too . sexy costumes as well from the girls
people gathered to watch their families play a game together . a lady waited for the ball to come to her . another girl was ready to play . one man had waited a long time to be able to show his family how much skill he had . everyone had a great time watching .
today we visited the zoo . it was our first time seeing an animal like this one . the elephants were fun to watch . the zebras were not very active . when we arrived home the dogs were waiting patiently for us .
they decided to have a halloween party with some games . there were some unique characters that came by . the pirate team did very well in the race . the kids had their own race that day . finally , the winners were crowned , the two `` things '' from dr. suess .
the host of the party took a picture of himself as he waited for the guests . guests arrived as the party began . various guests enjoyed the drinks under the midday sun . into the evening , people danced and laughed as they enjoyed themselves . to remember the party , the host took pictures of the guests who were still dancing .
preparing dinner for tonight me and my friend sharing this old recipe after sharing our secrets together this was our dish wish turned out to be very delicious so after dinner i decided to play some nice music to relax
we had open campus day at our school this week . many people showed up to discuss the school and what is so different about it . the students were there giving their impressions . we also had the classroom open for people to visit . the teachers were great , it was an awesome day .
the graduates were all lined up , ready to finally be done with school . as they walked across the stage , the president of the university handed them their diplomas . finally , they were done . after the ceremony , the graduates ran to find their families so that they could take pictures with them . then , most of them went out to dinner to celebrate their accomplishments .
the park looks pretty covered in snow . dang , this happened overnight . look at all that new snow . at least they have starting plowing the streets so i can get out . seeing a fire truck out in this weather is not a good sign . i am not even attempting to go up that off ramp .
we had a party at my place of employment . it was a going away party . a lot of people came to support me . i really like my co workers . i am going to miss them .
this is a town that is centered around a castle . the river leads straight to the castle . quaint streets lead to gracious neighborhoods . a local wit carved this log into a friendly crocodile , it leads the way to the suspension bridge . there are smaller walking bridges for pedestrians .
about to start our journey into the jungle . these trees are so old , moss are other plant life start to grow all around . looking up towards the canopy , monkeys can be seen playing . this tree curved at an upward angle . the view from the top was breathtaking .
my sister [female] and my brother [male] went with me to my great aunt floras 87th birthday party . it was held in a nice room at the organization organization . her birthday cake was so pretty . it was all completely edible . here 's aunt [female] looking at my gift . a photo album full of old photos . she gave a thank you speech and everyone clapped . it was a nice day .
omg , she must be tripping . everything looked like a video game . what happened to the world ? everyone was cartoonish . stop it .
i toured location location last night . the houses were all so quiet . the methodist church was lit with a huge flame . you could see it for miles . epic castle was looming in the background . it 's such an eerie place . over at the organization organization it was so lit up and beautiful . i wanted to stay here all night but eventually i did move on . i came here and placed a blanket down and stared up at the backside of epic castle . i feel fast asleep .
[female] and [male] had a wonderful wedding . [female] was so happy . the guests had a good time too . the beautiful wedding was held by a lake . after the wedding the bride and groom at the first slice of cake .
after i woke up yesterday i went to head to the farm . i wanted to see all the horses there . i took a shortcut through the alleys . when i got to the barn the horse was glad to see me . i brushed him .
today some people came over . the girls enjoyed some fruit . then we played on the swings . the boys had a few drinks then lounged in the chair . grandpa put his grandson on his knee .
the first day of preschool was very exciting . all the moms and dads stayed to help the kids settle in . my daughter found some great games to play with . she loved the train that she could ride around the room . she had so much fun , she ca n't wait for tomorrow 's class .
a view of our bed and breakfast from the hillside . [male] hiking up the trail and posing for a picture . a long line of folks ahead of us trying to make it to the top . this is our group heading back down after making the summit . back at the truck and heading in for some food .
everyday in my office a black and yellow bird comes to visit me . here he is now . i love seeing him . i wave to him and he waves back . he always sings me a song . it brightens my day . then this guys comes and my black and yellow bird flys away . until tomorrow , my friend .
i took the twins to marine corps day for the first time this year . there 's always a lot of fun things going on there . this father was coaching his daughter before it was her turn at the bean bag toss . this woman got facepainted , although i think it was mostly for the kids . the bagpiper always ends the day .
of all the houses we looked at yesterday , this is the one we liked the most . although the kitchen is small , it is big enough for our three family members . we especially liked the natural light it provides . the dining room contained bay windows and wooden floors . we were pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was . the living room was similar to the dining room , except for the beautiful chandelier that hung from the ceiling . the bedrooms were small , but roomy enough for us . there 's 4 in total . that 's plenty if we have a couple more kids !
there 's class there 's beauty and there 's strength . on very few occasions , there 's all three . organization is that occasion .
the conference we attended had a wonderful group of speakers . [female] miller gave a speech on the importance of balance work and life . [male] johnson 's presentation included him dancing a jig . the conference was packed with attendees . at the end of the day of presentations , we all took a photo together to remember the fantastic day .
the company halloween party set up was very artistic . this mask was so lifelike , it was almost scary . i decided to take the mask and attempt to scare my boyfriend , epic fail . there were some patrons , that decided it was time to dance on the bar . the dance was quite raunchy in nature .
the concert was wild and went on into the night . some people got so drunk they passed out . my brother showed the crowd his attempt at the limbo . many people found themselves dancing alone . the brinkley sisters watched the fun most of the night but rarely joined in .
i went to see a play about relationships . one of the characters was getting drunk while talking about her husband . another character was getting drunk aswell . in another scene the men were sitting down complaing about women . in the last scene one of the husbands approached the wives .
the parade was amazing to watch ! there were army men marching . toy story made us all smile . r2d2 even showed up ! organization organization used the force on the audience .
we 're getting ready to start the big race ! my wife and i run this race yearly for charity . off we go ! this is the one mile marker ... ..not much more to go ! there 's my wife tied for the lead ! my wife finished 2nd ! congrats [female] !
we are going over the bridge to go for a nice hike . it is very relaxing traveling under the shade . the fields have so much space , it is a great place to run around . we are getting pretty deep into the forest now . we have finally reached a stream of water , hopefully it is alright to drink .
everyone came for thanksgiving , we ate most of the turkey , it was delicious . the strawberry cheesecakes were a big hit ! after dinner [male] and ally played scrabble . everyone was stuffed .
i went to a bar and my friens ' band was playing there . i took a seat up front . soon enough , he noticed i was there . he came over to say hi . we talked and he ended up joining us for dinner .
maicey thought it would be a good idea to take the left side of the trail . we ended up on riverbed completely lost . after an hour of walking we made it to a main path . we could see that it lead to civilizations . we ended up in an old english town with square buildings .
one day we decided to take a hike through the forest . eventually we got to a road and followed that instead . there were some animals along the side , including some cows . we also found a farm that had some goats . soon we were back in the forest , hiking again .
the streets were filled during the festival . some came dressed in huge cartoon outfits . they were fun to dance and take pictures with . we got around using rent-able bikes . it was a memorable day .
there was no reason not to start our morning out hard-core . it felt better painting the snow than the walls . red really seemed to stick out against the snow . some people are probably going to be really worried before they realize it 's just on the snow . it was a fun day with a lot of fun snow graffiti .
today we are going on a little hike . he already seemed lost . she is exhausted after looking at how far there is to go . we ran in to a pile of rocks . we finally made it to the top . it was well worth it and an accomplish mission .
today i 'm going to see my son 's art . it says it 's all over town , let 's go . oh my ! this is mr. limpet , beautiful ! ok , our son is a little bit on the weird side but we love that about him . here is one that hangs around the top of the town , i love this !
every year there is a lobster festival in location . first they put these blue tubs out . the tubs are then covered with plastic . once that is done they put water in the tubs . the lobsters are then place in the tubs for the guest to choose from .
a sign laid near the street with the words `` [male] [male] , '' on it . people held signs showing there support for [male] [male] . the crowd wanted justice for [male] . protesters held signs against injustice . two guys held a sign that read , `` to serve & protect whom . ''
my brother and i had our first concert together . him and i said a prayer before we went out on stage . we put on our game face and braved the crowd . the concert was fun , the light show was the best . everyone in the crowd had a great time and enjoyed our music .
the students gathered to listen to the presenters give lectures . there was several presenters on hand to speak . they spoke to the crowd with new ideas . the students listened with interest . some of the students took notes as the presenters spoke .
we attended lilac sunday in the park . there were a variety such as this white . the bush was huge and smelled wonderful . there was the usual lilac colored lilacs . there was silliness from the kids playing in the tree .
today was my birthday and my whole family was there . we had a lot of food and drinks . we even took many pictures together . my parents were also having a great time . someone gave me a chicken as a present .
a day at the carnival with the family . awesome view from the skylift . walked around the entire park to see what they really wanted to ride first . as nighttime fell , the lights came on . all the rides look so cool lit up . the giant wheel looks even scarier in the dark . the night was finished off with an awesome fireworks show .
i went out into the city last week . there were many interesting sights to see . some of the doors were marked dangerous . after i left i decided to head out of the city to see a waterfall . the bridge to the falls was very narrow .
i went to the wedding last weekend . the tables were beautiful . i had a great time there . the entire family was there . it was so much fun .
my friend [female] ran a 5k yesterday . here she is entering the race . her brother brought along a camera . the race had many participants . here 's [female] getting refreshed .
the brochure for the race was interesting . i saw this ball on the ground and it was very old looking . the track was all ready for the race . the horses were all out practicing . they were even playing a bit before the race .
the locals traveled the streets to get to the market . it was located in an old , but trendy part of the city . there was much fresh produce to be sold . many browsed the baskets looking for the right goods . the items were inexpensive to purchase .
he got an early start . he met his friends for breakfast . then it was time for work at the office . he ate dinner out . then he drove around looking at christmas light displays .
everyone was arriving to the cvent kick-off . as the attendees walked into the theater , they took their seats that were adorned with organization organization papers . the kick-off 's presentation wa a big success . at the end of the presentation , everyone in the theater clapped . they very much enjoyed the kick-off .
the trains roared by as we waited for our ride . when we arrived to the city , the weather was wonderful . we got to visit many historical buildings . we stopped at a produce stand along the way . at the end of the day , we visited the shops .
we see this man in a hospital gown . everyone at the table seemed to enjoy the company of the man . he showed us his elaborate details of his costume . with food in their stomachs , they decided to take a break outside . lastly , this couple won the costume contest .
here for the dream project . where we build homes and help feed and cloth people . this is our poster . some of our awesome food . these are some of the buildings where people get haircuts and clothes . here , they teach job placement skills .
some of the simplest costumes were the most creative . a lot of people showed up for the party . some costumes were very scary . with drinks in hand , there was plenty of conversations going . one group of guests had a little skit going .
[female] had dreamed of the perfect wedding since she was a little girl . she would think of her beautiful bridesmaids and being dressed like a princess . sometimes she would get lost in daydreams of the romantic bride and grooms first dance . [female] thought about what wonderful time everyone would have at the reception . best of all , she dreamed of deep kisses and happily ever after .
this is my racing bike . i have been in many races with my wonderful bike . it is a 10th anniversary edition life cycle . it is also in my favorite color , black and gold i had just won my my first race . thank you life cycle for not giving up on me my poor seat has taking a beating , but it is so comfortable ! i will be replacing the chain . as you can see it has been worn down already .
ready to attend the part . bride and groom dressed up at rehearsal dinner . best man and a bridesmaid drunk as can be . the wedding party the night before the wedding . having fun before the wedding .
the facility was cool and sterile . there were ropes and labels , this window required bars . everything was rusted and metal . the sky was also grey .
the new organization organization is now open for business . inside you will find bright , cheerful booths . along with a friendly staff , you will receive first class service . it 's been said the coffee is the very best . stop by today and enjoy a hearty breakfast .
[male] [male] had a family that cared for him deeply . his father already set up a trust fund in [male] 's name . a weekend family party is a regular thing for [male] 's family . he fell asleep in his aunt 's arms . the final treat of the night was a fondue dish .
the father was happy that they were coming to eat with him . everyone sat down to hear the guy talk before he left the event .
grandpa walked into his birthday surprise . we made him wear a mask to get in the spirit . we presented the cake to grandpa . grandpa blowing out his candles on the cake . make a wish ! little [male] gave grandpa his gift bag . no pants needed !
during the conference i spoke as clear as possible when it was my turn to speak it was i reference to the ancient tomb stones once all the serious was over at the conference our was basic on how to meet and greet customers up to date the materials are different in carving a tomb stone to thank everyone for coming out and participating i sung a song
at a costume party , my friends and me dressed up in colorful outfits . as the night went on we started to do a little dancing . i had one friend who wore a wig in her costume . my friend dressed as a sailor met a man wearing green . my two friends in drag consumed many drinks throughout the night .
we got some pictures with the lead vocalist before the show . we were at the front of the show . it was an amazing performance . i got some incredible pictures from where we were standing . just adjusting his sound settings .
the mountains are seen in the distance behind some beautiful apartments all of us deciding where we are going to eat . we see some painters redoing some buildings . the whole downtown area is being restored . it really looks great after the painters .
we love fireworks shows . we attend them every year . we attend mostly on new years and the 4th of july . it 's always fun when another fireworks show comes to town . it 's a great time to spend with family .
here is an old picture of my dad . this is me when i was 7 years old . that 's my kindergarten class picture with mrs. jones front and center . the first day my kid brother was born . my baseball card from my senior year in high school .
the pumpkins were laying on the porch . outside the home was a statue that stood tall . the home was very well lit from the outside . when we walked in , we loved the furnishing in the home . we wore creepy masks to hunt candy with .
some of the new equipment came today . now we can set up and organize the office . we like to check out the electronics first . some people are no help setting things up . there , all finished ; clean , cozy and comfortable .
the event has many costumes . the wedding is pirate themed and the couple is wearing costumes . they say their vows in outfit before dancing the night away .
we got to the park ... and it was wonderful . we brought the baby and she was sleeping . but , the rest of us enjoyed ourselves . we hung out with many we have n't seen in a long time . and , even were given tickets to the gun show .
today started out as a very nice day on our coast to coast bicycle tour . it started our fairly sunny , but mother nature had other things in store for us . we wanted to accomplish at least 100 miles and breeze through location location , however when the winds changed , we were stuck . we started out with a tail wind and were averaging 18-20 miles per hour on our bicycles , but that all changed at around 11am . we now had a tail wind and were only making an average speed of 6 miles per hour . it was like riding through quick sand . to make matters worse , the cloud cover kept thickening up and ultimately we were stuck in a bad hail storm so we had to make camp in a field and compete our day with only 50 miles under our belts .
[male] spends all day at his computer . his mother and her friend like to check up on him every now and then . cakes are regularly made in [male] 's home . when his hat is backwards and he 's sitting in front of a plate of food , he means business when [male] 's hat is turned the right way , it means he is satisfied .
at summer camp for grownups , you can do anything the kids do ! we have a river for swimming ... . we do morning calisthenics . we go for bike rides in the country . and our spiritual leader guides us through hula hoop seances .
[female] and [male] at their rehearsal dinner . [male] cracked a joke about his father . [female] posing with her adopted parents . the bride and groom posing for another shot . the happy couple ready to get married tomorrow .
this is the saturday befor my wedding . we 're going to have the reception in this room . a dj will be by the door over there . the dance floor will be in the back corner . with about 20 tables of people here . this is the chapel . i 've loved this stain glass window every since i was a child . this silence sign is used because our church likes to meditate as well as preach . this room is used to meditate , so it helps remind everyone to be quiet .
i went to the beach last christmas . there was no snow on the roads . when i got to the beach there were some flowers three . i picked them up and took them with me . i had a great time .
our business class area has ample room to relax while waiting for your plane to depart . we even offer reclining chairs for lay-overs . inside the plane you can relax in or spacious chairs . each chair has a pillow that is hypoallergenic as well as soft . for those times your business requires a computer , we offer areas for your needs .
for extra credit for one of my classes , we went to a organization forum . the speaker was [male] smith , he was a joy to listen to . i was also impressed when i saw on stage that [male] welms was also going to be a speaker . but , when i saw [male] barkley sitting just in front of the organization sign and knew that he would be a speaker too , i was just so impressed . at the end of the forum , they were selling pictures of the entire speakers . i am so glad i went , not just for my grade , but for the knowledge that i left with .
it was a quiet foggy night in the city . a few friends decided to go up to the historical inn on the hill overlooking the city and take some photos . someone also brought a paper lantern to release into the night to honor the orgininal owners of the inn . while they were preparing the lantern , one of their friends took a picture of the lighted inn . after they watch the lantern float up into the sky they decided to walk down the road to a small pub to have a night cap .
graduation day , and what a huge auditorium ! the visuals were really great . time to walk across the stage . the happy graduate posed with dad she also stopped to pose with mom .
you can explore a whole new world as a new character in video games . you can shop for accessories for your online avatar . you can send your online persona out into the world and play games . you can explore a world where the laws of physics sometimes work a little different . you can experience different seasons in just a few minutes .
the sumo wrestlers are meditating backstage . two sumo wrestlers await in anticipation for their fight . it was a fierce battle between the two men . one eventually claims victory over his opponent . we even saw a young sumo wrestler that appears to be in training .
this event is for fraternities to help develop leaders and great men . the uniformed men have come together in support for this cause . the speaker is one of the main advocates for the event . the people on the stage ate discussing important things . quite a number of people showed up to show their support for the event .
today , on a beautiful peaceful day , we said goodbye to a loved one . it was a good turnout as we watched the casket lower into the ground . many people came by to offer condolences . even back at the house the family was overwhelmed by the love and support shown during this tragic time . the best part of the service was when the family was presented with the flags and thanked for their service .
the families were waiting in anticipation for their loved one to return home . the unit got off the bus and were congratulated by their fellow soldiers . the unit starts to file into the gym and see their families . a poster announcing what unit was returning home . the television news came and produced a story on the unit 's homecoming .
the jack o lantern was seen eating a little pumpkin . the seeds were being dried out to be cooked in the oven . the outside of the house with the jack o lanterns during the day . the other jack o lantern had its mouth full as well . the outside with the jack o lanterns lit up for the night .
re-enactors show their costumes at a local homestead . they have livestock just like real homesteaders did ! the house is an old restored cabin from the 19th century . they also display cattle roping talents like the cowboys did in the days of old . but this young girl is more interested in climbing trees than roping cattle .
these were from our trip to location location last week . here she is ! the view was so breathtaking . i wanted to grow swim in the water but my wife wouldnt let me . i would not want to fall from that height . the bridge was so pretty and fun to walk on
before the wedding , the bride was made more beautiful . as the ceremony started , the groom was escorted down the aisle by his mother . the bride followed escorted by her father . the priest made the couple kneel down before reading into the microphone . everybody had a great time at the reception afterwards .
this year for our travels we went to the city to watch a parade . there where so many different things to see . big float and small . people dress in full gowns , and some not dressed at all . some men where cross dressed . there was a small theme to the cross dressers , but i did not get it .
time to make a fantastic recipe . gathering and mixing ingredients is very important . music and cooking is always a great combo . preparing the table for the delicious meal to come . nothing more satisfying than enjoying something savory you made yourself .
today i 'm running in the st. [male] 's day dash . i got this t-shirt and number . first we listened to the band . it was pretty cool running altogether in the tunnel . even though the weather was not that great , the run was awesome .
the eyeballs were cooked just right ; not too rubbery , but not too squishy , either . the flocked priest warded off the shepherdess zombie with a holy sign and his rather strong body stench . it was enough to turn off the undead . an innocuous gourd , set among other delicious entrees , contained the remains of a organization 's intern 's brain . someone had thoughtfully left a clean spoon to scoop it with . the zombie shepherdess was impressed by the shocking gesutre from [male] [male] roth . fish man , however , was not . plain [female] , the barkeep , enjoyed the show , and would keep smiling , until they later burnt her at the stake , mistaking her for a witch .
my family and i love going to the market downtown . one of my favorite stops is the booth that sells purses and handbags . my son loves to look at the small toys that the artists make . my daughter enjoys the many stalls that contain unique dolls . my husband prefers where the hats are sold and usually buys one or two ! at the end of the day , we always stop at the booth that sells shirts and get matching ones .
i got dressed for halloween and then i went out for a walk . there were a lot of decorations outside . i went to the cemetery . the cemetery was creepy this time of the year . there were some flowers on the gravestones .
brainstorming ideas for the project . we are getting in some really good ideas . now let 's place the ideas on the board and see where we are at . everything is looking pretty good with the idea , just need to come to an agreement . coming to a close with the meeting and would like for everyone to agree what we have done .
i had to drive on the ferry to get home today . it was so crowded . my dog [male] was so happy to see me ! i was home from a 5 day work week in the city . hi [male] ! he greeted me at the door with cookies . i was so happy . later on i went out and laid with the family in the brown water pool . it was so relaxing . i needed that . then we took a leisure walk through the pasture .
we decided to go to the town fireworks on the fourth of july . the weather was perfect with a clear sky . there were some interesting shapes displayed . the colors were brilliant . the finale was awesome !
we had a test before we had our weekly show and tell in class . i brought my favorite brown bear . the boy who sits beside me brought his lucky teddy bear . my best friend brought her favorite mouse . the new girl brought her little white bear .
this is a picture of an animal . this is a picture of a group of people . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of the outdoors . this is a picture of a donkey .
[male] and [male] pose before going in to the meeting . he was happy with the results ! [male] looks pretty pleased as well . afterwards we ball discussed the results . we were so happy we set off fireworks to celebrate !
the happy couple are married at last . the bride 's friends are happy to be the bridesmaids . the groomsmen have brought out their best shoes for the occasion . the bride and groom could n't be happier . the newly married couple are going away to their honeymoon .
we visited the apartheid museum over the weekend locals here are really good juggling balls in the air this is the local crafts market where you can find work by local artists streets were quite empty today nicely crafted fence , looks more like a work of art .
it is time again for our monthly gaming party . no party would be complete without some snacks to fuel our furor . we 're all together now , and the competition is heating up . [male] rules in the kareoke class . he always gets five stars . what a ham ! the losers have to clean up after everyone .
it was a sad day for mr. shakir , he never thought he would have to say goodbye to his beloved wife so soon . today was the day he would bury her and attempt to say goodbye to the life they shared . he told her so many times it was n't a safe alternative to cigarettes . if only she would of listened she would still be here . instead he is covering her grave in flowers . and a headstone is being placed to mark the memory of her life .
they decided to go on vacation to location . they stayed amongst the native people from the town . the houses consisted of shanties , but it was an exciting experience . they celebrated with the townspeople at night . in the morning they toured the beautiful landscape and saw the local wildlife .
look ! it 's the first day of school and i 'm so excited . dad is helping me get over my nerves by taking me . one last wave to my adoring fans before i go in . walking with dad into the room and getting a feel for my surroundings . i 'm making new friends already and looking at the toys .
the entry way of the house we toured . the garden bathtub is something i 'm looking for in a new home . met some new friends at the house tour . another entry way in our potential new house . the deck is absolutely grand where i can host parties .
i volunteer for the boys and organization organization , and today we had a day camp for the kids . we helped them make food crafts that they could eat . we sat around in a circle and told stories . then we had a park ranger discuss safety with them . finally , we let them try out fishing in the creek !
today is the day of the big march . we are really excited about it ! we got all the friends we could to join in and people came from other towns as well . the local tv station interviewed us . different groups joined in . there was loads of us . some of the banners were home made but really got the point across . a great day .
the city was pretty at night and had a merry go round too . the market was lit up and had many customers before darkness and rain fell on the market .
i finally graduated boot camp today . we did drills all day long . i was getting very tired . afterward we were all graduated . they put some fancy symbols on our uniform .
the last pose before heading out for treats . i wonder where my buddy went . i got my cute little green bag filled . it was a great night . look at all the great candy i got . why ca n't i eat my candy for dinner ?
i made a lot of food for the party tonight . i spent time making some sauces . it took me a few hours . everyone enjoyed it . there were a lot of leftovers afterward .
the crew was partying at the bar ! [male] , [female] , and organization were having a drink and enjoying themselves . [male] , who was flirting with some woman should learn to dress better . here is kirk and lisa . maybe [male] is questioning his choice in women after [female] got stone drunk , and threw up . here is the hardy boys , taking about nothing really , just trying to upstage each other generally .
the party had many scary costumes including criminal ones . there were nurses of all kinds and they took many photos and even kissed each other .
the day began with a lot of hard work from the control room . the leaders ensured that nothing would go wrong . speeches were made to commemorate the occasion . the rope was ceremoniously cut ! afterwards , the group posed for a picture .
he got ready for his big day . they chose a carnival theme for the ceremony . there were carnival rides at the reception . they even had a performance by acrobats . the couple had a great time at their wedding !
i attended a funeral for the first time yesterday . there was a lot of people mourning . they slowly lowered the coffin into the ground . many people were dressed in traditional funeral attire . there were many people that had good things to say about the one who passed away .
last night 's party was really wild . there were tons of people there . everyone was being very loud . some of the party goers may have had too much to drink . everyone had a great time though .
[male] is a great guy he likes to have fun in the woods he lives in a brick house [male] has a vivid imagination someday [male] will be a star
the bridal showcase had many beautiful gowns . there was a style for everyone . they had the groom covered too . this year 's bridesmaid dresses have gotten very bold . traditional is still the way to go for the flower girl and ring bearer .
we arrived on a tram that went so quickly . we were very excited to have finally arrived . all of the space materials were interesting to look at . there was even a ride that we were allowed to use . i myself took a test run in it . it was so much fun .
the house 's haunted decor took hours , but it looked amazing in the end . the green light made the status appear like a walking man out of nowhere . the ghost danced around every time the wind blew . everyone appeared from the cemetery . the house was the best looking one on the block .
the job corp had many young people working for them . they collected food . the spoke to sponsors , and they did a trial run before the actual food giveaway to get to know each other . overall , the meeting was a success and they were ready to volunteer for real .
the clock tower was in desperate need of repair . the scaffolding was the first step . everything needed to be properly braced . it was slow and difficult work . everything had to be done very carefully . this part required two people to lift the clock face . there we go , almost set now .
our western location road trip took us to some amazing places . we went to an old western pueblo . we visited some random towns we had never heard of . we rode into organization , and decided to stay here for the night . we found a great cantina , and ate tacos and drank some beer before retiring to the hotel .
my father requested in his last will that he have an old fashioned funeral . a horse and buggy carriage carried him to the grave site . the pall bearers solemnly carried my father 's coffin to the cemetary . mom displays her sorrow as she quietly cried throughout the ceremony . dad is lowered into his final resting space . peace be with him now and forever .
i decided my dog would like a train ride . off to the train station we go . this is the train we will be taking our short trip on . my friend is the conductor . he is getting ready to attach the cars . here is the train all together . as you can see , my dog had a fantastic time .
i got tickets to the game last week . it was really intense . the scores were very close all game long . both teams wanted to win badly . it was a struggle for both of them .
this afternoon , the baseball team had a practice game on the field . coaches and parents sat in lawn chairs and observed from afar . our resident photographer had brought along his camera . the coach wore sunglasses to shield his eyes from the bright sun . meanwhile , out on the field , the players were working hard .
walking was the one thing he did strictly for himself . it made him feel good . invigorated by the things he saw . fresh air , the water , it gave him a sense of peace . he pressed his hand against the wall and wondered about all those souls .
my sister had to make sure that she got a dance in with all of our brothers . she laughed so hard dancing with our funny brother [male] . that 's when the bass dropped ! everyone started getting down with the get down ! that 's when family friend of ours decided that he needed to make a toast..
it 's gradaution day for [male] and [male] . middle school here we come . to celebrate the boys went out for pizza with the family . the proud parents ca n't believe their kids have grown up so fast . [male] and [male] are really excited to be moving on up in school . they are n't too happy when they learn there will be even more homework in middle school .
this little girl was n't a fan of the noise ! there were a lot of interesting sights at the demonstration . including lots of noise makers . a lot of people were very willing to express themselves . overall there was a huge turnout .
people are sitting on the floor . a grandmother is holding her grandchild . a man is holding a baby . a family is holding a baby . a man is holding his child .
so we had a gathering with tons of food . we were sending off our friend . we will miss him ! we each took turns writing down some memories . too much junk food was consumed by all . the group shot was perfect ! i love tripods and self-timers .
we went to this huge military rally . there where many people that gave speeches that i did not recognise . there where so many people giving oaths as well . it was almost like watching a church sermon . everyone cheered at the same time . i still dont know what the whole thing was about .
we took a vacation to europe this past winter we got to see all the sights we went to the top of a hill you could see an old church . there was no smoking in the church
the man was very excited and nervous to finally get married . so he went to see his love one more time to prepare himself for the big day . he was giddy with anticipation as the ceremony was going on . it finally happened and he could n't be any happier . he had decided that that day , surrounded by friends and family , and marrying his true love , was the best day of his life .
there were a lot of fancy cars in the neighbor hood today . i had a great time taking pictures of all of them . they were very fast . i 'm not sure what was happening in town . some of them were very expensive .
some came by helicopter . they all wanted to pay their respects . the grave side service was overflowing with people . many paid their respects to the parents . respects were also paid to the sister . formally folded flags were presented to the family .
we decided to walk to the festival . the crowds had n't quite woken up yet . many were still in their tents , set up by out of towners . there were lots of test in the camping area . but right on time , the crowd was ready to go !
here is the 404 man posing for the camera . a man with a red nose is smiling for the camera . the man and woman are smiling while dressed in costume . the man and woman are smiling for the camera at the party . the man is filming the party while the crowd looks on .
the market had many fruits and peppers too . there were many people there and they sat at tables before buying food at the grocery .
we left the house and headed into the swamp . we went a ways before finding a trail . we went over a small man made bridge at one point . thenit was back into the swamp . we passed by a large tree before heading back out .
richie finally got the chance to show off his bikini top . [male] was about to squirt the bikini off of richie 's torso . a bicycle carried another bicycle . one man had a bike that let him sit down . a car ended up getting confused and attending a `` bike only '' area .
it was customary to give big brass a full tour . of course the mess hall would usually serve something a little better than average on `` big brass '' days . he looked like he was okay with it . after lunch the tour continued . he was introduced to the co 's .
the couple looked artistic in their halloween costumes . he looked like a rock star . the couple swapped a quick peck on the cheek . the women looked glamorous . everyone gathered together for a photo together .
the brother did not want to talk to his sister . the siblings made up . they started to talk and smile . their parents showed up . they were happy to see them .
we visited location , location for the fourth of july this year . there were a lot of people commemorating veterans . there were throwing flowers every place . it was kind of nice to see flowers on the ground everywhere . i took the opportunity to snap this picture of the location monument because it 's iconic .
we waited forever for our food . after we finished eating we decided to walk around . there were a lot of decorations up for the holidays . there were some people still doing some last minute shopping . everything is always so beautiful this time of the year . after looking at a few more displays we finally headed back home .
today was the day . we were going to finally do . we built a bridge . and it actually worked . now about the rest of the roast ... .
our get togethers with family are always so much fun . the turkey looks burnt , but it is n't . before dinner everyone calms down a bit . the food is always greatat the gatherings . my silly sister , who missed the gathering this year .
cycling is very popular in our city . people ride for recreation and transportation . sometimes you see more bikes than cars on the roads . many people commute daily on their bicycles . people here certainly love cycling .
all the runners were eager to participate ! and many of their family members were their to encourage them . it was hard work but very gratifying . everyone who finished was immensely proud of themselves ! and afterwards some breakfast really hit the spot .
my family decided to my brother 's graduation . our cousins came over to watch movies and play games . the lot of us ate lunch and took a family photo . that was my brother as a baby being held by our mom . at night our relatives left and we enjoyed a nice quiet dinner . it was a nice day .
creating a geodesic dome out of glass is a painstaking process . the tiny triangles all have to be fitted together precisely . these , then , form larger triangles which are then fitted together to make the dome . in the end , all that 's left is to take a picture of this unique structure .
going on a lovely date with this beautiful lady . here we are at b & t steaks and seafood . gon na be great ! here we are , my friend came along for support with his date . here is my food , looks oh so good . here is hers and it also looks good . i wan na ask her if she 'll share .
high school king and queen taking a nice picture . the cheerleaders are in their uniforms going over cheers . the players are in formation to start the plays for the game . being presented with some sort of award . the band is ready to play when the time comes .
a tour of the far east always has its crazy moments . what exactly is this guy selling ? fruits are easy in these parts and so is travelling - apparently . whose up for pumpkins ? they are for eating and not just for decorations - so the locals say . more fruits and the folks here look a whole lot younger . coincidence ? condiments ahoy !
when everyone arrived we all sat around the table . everyone was very hungry . we also had a kid that was hungry . we served the food . everyone really enjoyed it .
the annual homecoming celebration at the local high school went really well . a lot of people were honored in front of a big crowd . kids walked on the field as their parents accompanied them . the king and queen were crowned . it was cool to watch . they took a nice picture together with their tiara and crown on respectively . congrats you two !
it was time for the halloween party and [male] the pirate was ready to go . but [male] the pirate was very sad as [male] the balloon man showed up in a better costume . [male] the balloon man had all kinds of fans . a few that did n't see [male] the pirate were happy with [male] the balloon man . but when [male] the pirate asked if [male] the balloon man can be his friend , everybody joined in too .
i received a package with a diaper bag inside . i unraveled the bag and saw that the outside is gray and black . i opened the flap and saw there was a pocket and zipper . i unzipped the pocket and to my surprise the inside was pea green ! i opened up the pea green portion and saw there is so much space in this bag .
we went to the gravesite . the walk was peaceful and serene . here 's the first gravestone we found . this gravestone seemed to be carved by hand . this was the nicest looking grave we found .
the young couple sat down to have a dinner with family . they had a large meal . then they all enjoyed desert . after that they went out for a night on the town . the couple had such a fun time .
some friends went to the bar . we all laughed at fred . [female] had a bit of a drunk on . selfies were great ! [male] really likes [male] .
i sat down today to document my life . first , i ate a nice meal in the cafeteria . the remains of the meal on my plate were tossed away . then i returned to work at my computer , which is very old . finally , i accidentally punched a hole in the wall when i turned too quickly .
we took a tour of the old church . first there was the beautiful ceiling in the church . then we to a large stained glass portrait . after that we came to a portrait of [male] and eve . finally we came to a picture of a man being swallowed by a beast .
the house is covered in snow . the street is covered in snow . this is a winter scene . the street needs to be plowed . some children are playing in the snow .
we got married this weekend in a traditional chinese wedding . the party was huge and we were the center of attention . guests came bearing many gifts . they applauded our step into marriage . everyone loved the ceremony , we are very happy with how it turned out .
there was a high risk of flooding in the area so the local organization organization met with town officials to plan a response . local residents watched excitedly as the barriers were set-up . everyone worked together to place the sandbags . it required a lot of coordination to get all the materials in place . it was a serious job but doing it right meant we could all start to lighten up a little .
mother son and daughter in front of their home . big sister and her two brothers taking a picture . two brothers having fun in a toy car box . brothers dressing like twins for twin day at school . face painting at a friend 's birthday party .
today [female] did a play for the school ! she did really well ! afterwards she and her friends went and had a blast around town ! they were doing silly things all day . [female] was reading the reviews . apparently a producer wants her to star in a film ! she is the happiest she could be ! [female] was a little jealous though .
the group of people approached the monument . they took time to really study it . they thought about its implications and discussed them with each other . they enjoyed the intellectual conversation . after about an hour , they decided to go back the way they came , leaving the monument behind them but fresh in their memories .
i was cutting some lemons for lemonade . my friend stopped by to see what i was up to . i told him i was making lemonade . he thought that was strange for some reason . then we went to the gay pride parade .
boom , boom , boom the fireworks sounded . colors of green , purple , pink and white exploded in the sky . the crowd was mesmerized . brilliant greens and red trailed down to earth . pink , blue and white compelled everyone to look up .
last weekend we decided to ride our motorboat with my parents so they can see their grandchild , [male] . this is me on the right with my parents , [male] and [female] before the ride . grandpa steered the motorboat with my son [male] on his lap . we enjoyed the relaxing ride on the motorboat as we passed by some houses along the river . it was a relaxing trip and what abetter way to bond with my parents on that saturday afternoon .
[male] started to make aluminum sculptures . once he started he could not stop , he mad huge creations . he made a triforce but took it a step further . now it 's a giant aluminum ball ! to this day it stands in central park !
i went on vacation last year . i saw a really old statue . it was magnificent . i bought some flowers for it . i left them there .
we are going to the place my friend died . it was my first time coming here . i drop my flower on the floor . other come to pay their respect as well . there is alot of his coming to say good bue .
drummer really was exceptional to night while lead singer sang his heart out guitar player was playingvery good holding his own woman was trying to get the crowd into groove young boy was called on stage and he played very well
we captured the creature that had been causing such a disturbance . it was necessary to bind the gator . people from the wildlife preserve agreed to have a look at him . they showed us where they would be taking the alligator . it was a facility dedicated to prehistoric animals .
the horse races were so exciting today ! one of the racers did n't make it over an obstacle and fell off his horse . it looked like he and his horse were hurt . the other racers got around him easily enough . he did n't have a very good race , he never did get back on his horse .
i am happy because my brother has found his true love . do n't they look happy together ? i think they were together in a past life ! see how handsome he is ? alina took this picture . oh , if only a man would look at me that way ! i found this picture of them together on a website devoted to the lives of french soldiers who died at location in wwi . they were married in 1913 . i am dancing because no world war can destroy their true love now !
yesterday at panera i was having a late dinner . i ordered a sandwich and some soup . afterward i had to go to my public storage garage for something and there was all this stuff outside one of the garages . the inside of my public storage unit is pretty messy . thankfully i found the table i was looking for .
the party was held at an interesting venue . the sound was good and there was plenty of open space . the musicians entertained everyone for the evening . there was food and drink . some got a little tired from the events .
this bounce castle looked very fun ! everyone got into the pirate theme . many booths were there to give out information . little kids enjoyed the day especially . and afterwards everyone took a group photo to remember it .
we went out ot the pinic on sunday . all the friends came over . we lounged out on the grass . we gossiped some after lunch . we stayed there till the sun went down .
the cheerleaders warmed up the crowd . [male] dribbled the ball towards the net . he scored a basket for his team . [male] took the ball from [male] . it was his turn to score a goal .
the bicycle park at the train station can be very busy indeed . sometimes bicycle commuters have to wait while getting to their lock up . pondering options , which direction to go , this man is ready for his commute on the train . another pensive train station bicyclist on the move , hoping she 'll be on time . not everything is all business at the train station . sometimes commuters have a chance for a hug !
this is a class on robotics . this is what the prototype looks like , although unfinished . it was designed by first making a list of components . then they made computer images . when finished , it will compete against others for prizes .
this house has seen it all weather wise . now it 's such a beautiful sight to see . the windmills were engulfed within the clouds before i took this one . as the sun set it 's like peace and relaxation sitting here . the windmills were as tall as skyscrapers and they generate so much power ! during the car ride home i had to take one last photo . it was a good one .
taking a tour of famous buildings in the city . i remembered this one from a tv show . the dome on this one was marvelous . we could n't stop to go in any more since it was night , but we got to see the empire state building from a distance , and the courthouse all lit up with the american flag . unfortunately , the last stop on our tour took us past this ugly paragon of advertisement .
when i first saw the tornado warning i did n't believe it . it was n't until i saw the tornado with my own two eyes that i was absolutely terrified . it only lasted for about five minutes but those five minutes felt like an hour . fortunately , the tornado did not do significant damage . but not long after the tornado the flooding started and our town was under siege again .
our honeymoon was a little bit different . we rented this isolated cabin home in beautiful country wilderness . it was lake front property , with no neighbors in sight except for creatures of nature . we took a long walk and found a deserted kiln . we had a picnic there . that 's us paddling in the lake . two weeks of peace and quiet and love . it was bliss !
the city 's annual beer festival kicked on friday night . this group of friends celebrated with green beer . a band came onstage to entertain the crowd . the couple enjoyed the festival but decided to make it an early night . other people partied well into the morning with music , dancing and beer .
we went for a walk in the show we saw a wolf we found paw prints the paw prints led us to a park we found a bird
we passed through the back yard on the way out the flowers outside always make the walk better . passed on to a street to stop by the gas station . passing the pumps on the way out . i decided to take the road back . i arrived back at the front of the house without issue .
we were treated with drinks before the event started . people were starting to arrive to be a part of something special . they were told to wear red and grey and most people complied . but this woman did n't she decided to wear blue hair . when everyone saw that they wanted to get silly .
the man and his dog are ready for a nature walk . they see the splendor of nature on their walk . pooch ca n't wail to go on a walk with his man they take the time to tip toe through the tulips . pooch ca n't believe his eyes at so many opportunities !
we set out early today . the path was still clear as no new snow fell last night . the air was bitter cold . not a bird was chirping . it was so quiet . this sunrise was so gorgeous over the snow and ice .
everyone came over for our yearly thanksgiving meal . the kids had been playing most of the day . [male] and [female] could n't stay awake long enough for supper . finally the meal was ready everyone gathered around the table . [male] was falling asleep all throughout supper . once he was so tired his head fell into his soup .
deer looking for food . and disappeared after hearing noises . bird waiting patiently . perching in the cold . about to take a flight .
the buildings are lit of beautifully at night . i think there is something burning way up in the tower . just look at the scenery in the night time lights ! and here you can see the lights reflecting on the water . this building looks really tall because of the angle it was taken .
there was a rally in town on [male] [male] [male] day . our sorority joined in . we have quite a few african american sisters . it was a better turnout than last year . we stopped at town hall and waited for the mayor 's speech . it was a very positive experience and [male] [male] would 've been proud .
the event at the park featured a very large buffet served under a tent . the local men that served were extremely charming and very generous . i was amazed at the turnout of so many people in the community . some of the night 's entertainment featured local singers . one lady in particular was extremely talented and she was accompanied by guitar .
i 've decided to collect old magazine ads and articles , also perhaps photos . this is a photo of what appears to be a medical facility . old dental ads are great . organization organization tubes seem like something from an old monster movie , and might be . an old ad from a college for souvenir spoons tends to make one giggle a bit .
organization organization organization fans come from all over the state to celebrate every year . hundreds of vendors sell everything you can think of people bring the strangest things to the celebration . [male] alligators and lots of other unusual things attract thousands of people . the local economy gets a big boost from all the visitors .
we packed for the trip that we were taking . we had to take the car for a long period of time . we saw a low rider truck along the way . we boarded our plan and flew to our final destination . we spent a few nights at the hotel .
it was a warm summer evening . the friends had gotten together to celebrate their vacation . they got to talking and realized they were all really hungry . they arrived at a place they found off of yelp . it turned out to be even better than they expected !
carving pumpkins has always been a family tradition . [male] skipped cutting his pumpkin and dressed it up . our house looked quite eerie from the outside . the pumpkins ended up looking good . our house lit up every time a trick-or-treater came by .
a young boy watched his dad and grandpa work on a backyard project . after they finished their project , the family sat down to a meal . there was potatoes , beef , and rice . full from all of the food , they sat on the couch to look at family pictures . two members were so exhausted from the long day that they fell asleep in their chairs .
the family is exploring the night scene . they are watching the lighting scene from the building in front of them the family decided to move to a different location to view different part of the night scene . the item remain there while other people viewing other display . this family is still enjoying the scene with their kids .
[male] 's fourth of july was kind of low key . that 's not to say the kids did n't have a good time , they did . and the adults had fun too , just chilling out . cammy and [female] just set up in two chairs and hardly moved the whole night . everyone had fun . even when [male] flung some kind of weird red ball at me .
today [male] and i got to watch the kids karate recital . this kid was very impressive , i do n't know how he made it through that board but watching it break in half made even my hand hurt ! our sweet [female] did n't have as good of a show to put on..so she kicked the air a few times [male] did great , we 're so proud of him ! a few moments after this he kicked that little girl right in the head , good times . the recital ended with each kid getting trophies , thank goodness because [female] would n't have walked away with anything for those embarrassing kicks .
the organization organization . perfect for wherever you go . that includes rocks , and even the sea . the new dodge caravan .
these are my dogs sparky and [male] . i really love my dogs , having lived with both of them since i was a child . usually on the 4th of july they 're a little scared of the fireworks . this year , though , they 're not scared at all -- they 're finally used to it . i 've been torturing them with gunpowder for a week !
the family gathered in the sitting room for a gathering before the party . next , they went to the dining room to have a nice meal . they then went to have classy drinks to start the party . some of them then put on party hats for the birthday celebration . one of the people even had a noisemaker for the celebration .
it was a great day for a hike . but breakfast came first . the table was full of goodies . then the trail was ready . it was too snowy outside .
taking pictures at dawn provide excellent results . the lakes in location are so beautiful . i get different shots on my camera with different tones , to really appreciate the beauty here . even the towns make for amazing pictures . can not call it a day without one more picture of the snow covered mountains !
i 'm doing a report on ivory pieces . i have found many different kinds . i really like this black one the best . this one is shaped rather interestingly . this is a long tusk used for making canes .
last night we joined some friends for a 4th of july celebration . there were big fireworks . and small fireworks . people played instruments while remembering the fallen . it was a beautiful 4th of july by the river .
the group gathered together to celebrate a wonderful man today.. colleagues from all over the country came to sit with him and converse . it appeared over 50 educated lecturers had came to the award ceremony . and , finally , the dean took the podium . he presented mr. [male] with his award and they celebrated his accomplishment .
we had pulled our friends out for a surprise party ; we heard they were taking a long trip to location to see different family members , so we had a cake made . here it is , though they misspelled waung 's name , though . fair enough , considering how uncommon it was . everyone was down there , though it was a real muted , work type party . waung really enjoyed it , though . he felt a little awkward at first , but he got into it after some time . it was a pretty great party for a work-engagement type thing . i 'm glad i planned it .
the park was a great place to skate . it was filled with many trees . skating amateurs performed stunts on steps . the activity lasted into the evening . when the sky darkened , they left .
when the zombie apocalypse hit , everyone disappeared . it was like no one ever existed . i could n't find traces of my friends anywhere . not even in the hall . and to make things worse , my mousse melted !
everybody was excited about the concert . the venue was crowded with people . there were even booths set up to buy food . when the singer come out , everybody cheered . the performer was so happy to see his fans , so he smiled brightly .
started the day with the news . looked at the clock and woke up . had to get the coffee going . i wanted to get my swim in . i ended the day with light reading material .
they stand outside and begin taking the plastic off . more people gather in support and to help them . midway through , a break was taken . the scenery was observed before continuing with the project . finally finished , they begin garnishing the relic .
these people are carving their own pumpkins . this is just one of the many faces that was carved into the pumpkin . they have two beautiful brown dogs . they like to display their art pieces around the home . the pumpkins are truly a work of art and they do a very good job .
i went to a party with some friends of mine , this is [male] and [male] . there was a large table that we were sitting at , [female] takes great pictures . i caught [female] off guard in this pic , it is great . my other friends were enjoying the evening and their beers . i got a picture in my long hat with my friend [male] , it was a great night .
i opened the instructions to put it together . front page showed the finished product . the next was it in another form . i was now lost . then another one came up . by the time i got to the last page , i gave up .
the kids were all ready for trick or treat . when they arrived back home , they were worn out , but happy . so many candies were brought home ! this was their take . he did n't reallize how much candy he had in that bag !
friends and family gathered for a wedding . everyone watched as the young couple got married . they were there to congratulate them . then the bride and groom took time to thank everyone . after the wedding everyone sat down to a large meal .
the old club was having a small show that night , and the turnout was bigger than expected . many people mingled while the musicians set up . there was even a dj ! the gentlemen wore his favorite shirt to the show . some people may have partied a little too hard , though .
the chairman at the podium . he had a big screen to show earnings graphics . he talked for almost two hours ! finnaly : a smile and the end of the talk . this is the entire team .
everyone had a good time at our family reunion . we even had a band . and i got to meet a lot of people . i even got to speak one-on-one with some of the family members . lest i forget , the food was amazing !
she was ready to go to her graduation . the family took a few final photos before leaving . she sat in the crowd waiting patiently for her diploma . it was her turn to walk across the stage to receive her diploma . they were so happy she graduated .
i had to go out and buy a lot of beer for the party but they were sold out . we decided to go to a bar instead since we could not get any beer . there were only tow bartenders that night . after that we left and drove to a lounge to relax . we had a great time there .
[male] is the star player of the team . here , [male] is focused on the ball . [male] 's teammate attempts to make a goal . the team jumps to see whether the ball goes in . goal ! [male] 's team is going really well .
today was a special day for some local kids . they would get to meet some football players from the local team and see a play . parents and kids alike were eager to meet their favorite football players as they lined up for autographs and pictures . the football players were really nice to the kids and took the time to sign autographs for all of them , including pictures as well . afterward , the kids got to watch a funny play including the mascot and some local comedians . after the play , children got to take pictures with the comedians and the mascot . it was a great day for everyone .
my boyfriend decided to have a small dinner party at our apartment . one of my friends was overlooking the food , because the smell attracted him . the boneless chicken stir fry was so delicious . i had to get a spoon , because i really wanted to drink the broth as well . my friend played a nice tune on his guitar .
a disney parade starring [female] mulan and her dragon . aladdin , [female] in their genie vehicle . the villains of disney walking together . snow white and the seven dwarfs waving to the crowd . [male] and [female] mouse approaching the crowd .
there was a charity walk-a-thon last night . lots of people showed up to it . it had to be well over 1500 people total . some people even dressed up in weird costumes . after everyone finished , there was a big fireworks display .
the fireworks display was so full of color . the red and green ones were bright , and loud . some were colorful in a burst , like an array of color . some rained color down like they were coming from a cloud . the big , round bright ones indicated the finale , and it was grand .
today was the day . everyone was there . he came home . stayed at the airport . then we played in the snow .
its christmas time and everyone is opening gifts . this guy is not impressed . mom gets a book and is excited to read it . someone else gets a keyless entry key for their car . she gets pajamas and does n't look too thrilled about it . finally he gets to open a gift and is excited to do so .
packing things to get ready to move . here are my books are wrapped up . my friend and i looking at stuff on the internet . hard at work making sure everything goes right . loving the new couch in the office , nice way to relax .
i took a trip with my camper in tow . my kid had a great time . i took some pictures . and then i took even more pictures . then we drove off .
i arrived at the docks early sunday morning and everything was closed up . i was able to locate my friend 's cute town house pretty quickly . after breakfast we went for a long walk in the historic district . the architectural details on these historic homes are fantastic . later that day we went to an old mansion that had been converted into an art museum .
today is the big game . the players are getting ready . the crowd is ready for the game . the players are greeting each other . the winning team is taking down the net and that ends the game and the day .
the whole family met at their favorite restaurant . all of the brothers were excited to see each other . everyone was happy to get the whole extended family together . mom and her baby both ate a lot . everyone had a fun time .
so here we are , ready to hear what the government is up to these days . a sign on the wall as you walk into the conference hall . the name tags of the speakers directing them to their seats . the news reporter brings in his big camera . the court-reporter takes her position about to transcribe each word .
[female] and [male] 's wedding day was finally here and it was pure excitement . the bride and groom looked their very best during the ceremony and you could tell they were both happy and nervous . when the ceremony was over , they proudly displayed their marriage certificate for everyone to see . they showed off their rings to everyone . they were perfectly accented to complement each other . as the day turned into evening , they got into their chariot to leave for their honeymoon . a good day was had by all .
the traditional taiwanese wedding was very interesting it was very impersonal there traditions are not of what i am used to family and friends did have fun and you could buy a picture of the bride and groom
a friendly game of pool at the pub . lining up the perfect shot . a lady dives across the table to save the shot . two friends out on the town . someone is telling the photographer they are number one .
a map guides the way to the historic lighthouse . looking up at the lighthouse from below . the mile post sign showing various locations . a history lesson on the lighthouse . the view of the lighthouse from the ocean side .
gertie decided to go shopping before the military parade . the streets were quite before it started . when it started though the men were very somber . they stood in formation for the duration . it was in tropical location so it was hot outside that day .
[female] 's friends brought her gifts and flowers for her birthday . she took a picture of them to put on instagram , and then she started opening her gifts . her guests watched excitedly as she tore through the wrapping paper , and later they all made sure to tell her happy birthday .
[male] gabbing away while participating in the pledge drive . [male] did n't say much even though he had the microphone the whole time . some of the operators in the phone center . [male] coordinated all of the volunteer call takers . [male] giving the card board cutout of [male] a hug .
upon reaching my destination to journey through the world , i was surprised to find such young people working . we strolled down the street until we found this vendor selling us some bread for dinner . it is always interesting to see how other parts of the world treat their elderly . i was pleasantly surprised on this trip . i was fun to see all the different items that the store owners sold . but , i just had to take this picture because it was just so unbelievable that someone would be messing with their feet inside the store . oh well , i guess it is ok to do that here .
this weekend i went to a costume birthday party for my best friend [female] . here 's [female] and another friend around the cake that we bought her . three costumed ladies after a few drinks . one too many drinks for [female] apparently ! the night ended when we all passed out near the pool .
we visited what was left of a construction in the hills . most of the original building looks like it was worn down over time . we spent the day exploring the site . then we took pictures to remember the day . after that we took time to enjoy the scenery .
[male] [male] 's father was murdered . thousands gathered for the rich man 's funeral . the funeral parlor was packed with mourners . [male] makes his decision to become batman . the citizens of location salute their hero .
the school was practically deserted during the summer . we walked through a few deserted classrooms and hallways . in the cafeteria a few students were setting up chairs for the big event . we stopped to help . after we finished we headed out to the sports field . we climbed up to the highest place we could reach in the bleachers and looked out over the field .
the stylist team are all smiles after getting the ms location pageant contestants ready to walk the stage . [female] smiles for a photo with ms. [female] toledo for a photo before her walk on stage . four contestants get a quick photo op in before the big walk . [female] takes a quick selfie before taking her seat to watch the beautiful ladies walk . all of the ladies look beautiful thanks to the talented stylist . they walk across the stage proudly as they introduce themselves .
they gathered early to start getting work done for the big game . the owner even showed up to check in on the progress . they brought in boxes of all the supplies they would need . the event coordinator was pretty impressed with the workers . they ended the day with a meeting to discuss where to go from here .
admiring the sculpture inside the church . more to admire and wondering who crafted this piece . walking through the beautiful rooms and getting a feel . the beginning of the tour , a lovely historic place . gorgeous stained glass windows adorn the structure .
we went to the fair this weekend and i could not believe how many people were there . everyone was having a great time . there were shops set up for all kinds of crafts . i wanted to look at some hand made plates . these glass vases were beautiful glittering in the sun . there was music playing everywhere . is listened to a gentleman playing a traditional didjeridoo . then it was off for more shopping . even the kids found something to catch their eye .
the group got together to discuss the future of their company . the ceo introduced their speaker . the man stood and began talking to them about outsourcing their jobs . the ceo was apologetic but remained committed to his decision . the employees sat around the table , stunned . they were very disappointed !
this year when we went to our summer home there was work that was needed to be done . we carried the wood across two boats . some of that wood was needed to build a make sift bridge . we where really happy that it worked . losing the car in the water would not have been something we would have wanted for sure . even the kids helped . it was a good summer for us all .
last night , my friends and i went to a party . there were lots of our friends there celebrating . some people were wearing wigs and silly hats . some had even painted their faces . by the end of the evening , it had gotten quite cold and we had to wrap up in blankets .
at the convention there were so many people . the speakers delivered their speeches one at a time . there were a lot of popular figures there . it was awesome to see so many important in one place . afterward all of the presenters went up for a group picture .
the family is celebrating the wedding with a reception . the reception was held next to the marina . lots of relatives came from far away . the cake was huge and beautiful . the new couple was very happy .
the giant m & m costume was a treat and there were many beautiful ladies . he had to take a break though and others took photos while the pretty lady danced .
my friends and i were on a trip in another country . we found a pokemon shop and knew we had to go inside . they had plush toys of my favorite characters . we all enjoyed our time on the trip . it was very unique and the culture was vibrant . it was a good day .
i went to a girls rugby match today . the girls were pretty big . one of the smaller girls broke away with the ball . this big girl took on 2 smaller ones . the refs were a little confused , but we had fun .
a full moon brings a melancholy mood the forest below . no sun the next morn to cheer the gray and dreary forest . one full of forgotten and hidden paths . the ground littered with dead wood and rotting leaves . a most formidable defense before the castle at its heart .
we went to a halloween party this year . there were a lot of amazing costumes . some of them looked really funny . some of them were a little scary too . my costume was a common one that really fit my personality .
there was so much history here . and so much art to see . he looked so peaceful as he lay . this was a place for all to rejoice even from the outside you knew it was special .
pokemon ! a pokemon store ! there is so much merchandise to see . look at all these different pokemon plush toys . these are just a couple that i bought . they even had pokemon characters roaming the store .
our sports teams showed great spirit this week . they always play fair and friendly . the guys team is fast and furious as always . they like to pull surprise moves on their opponents . the cheerleaders keep the spirit alive for us all .
our trip began with a trip to the market . we found a large produce stand . then , we bought some baked goods . afterward , we gathered with the locals in the town square for a festival celebration . our evening ended with a carriage ride back to our hotel .
every forth of july our motorcycle club gets together to celebrate . always willing to pose for any picture if someone ask us to . mom and dad as proud as ever of me to i might at , i think . there urging toward us to get a big photo of the whole club finally paying off . even snapping a few pictures of the jackets and shirts in the back to boot .
the friends took a picture outside of the tent . they were the first to get there . the girl was cooking some food . the three lazily watched . there other friend showed up the next day . she fanned the flames of te fire with a magazine .
a host is getting ready to have a party . looks like this is going to be a really big party . the guests are starting to arrive . the party 's in full swing and everybody is having a great time . this will certainly be a party to remember !
my sister was a beautiful bride in her dress . before the wedding , they showed pictures of when she was young . it showed our mother , grandmother , my sister , and i . she was incredibly happy with her husband . after their vows , we were all one big family . they had their first dance as a couple after taking pictures with people outside .
our kids have many different interests . one likes to play foosball . another loves matching games . one likes to play on the computer . the little one loves to cuddle . but all of them love to eat fresh berry pie .
the donkey woke up early to drink water . most of my family members visited my farm on that day . my dad even came to pet my donkey . we formed a long line and walked in circles . the donkey appeared to have a great time .
the students arrived to the ceremony at organization . the students listened while the speaker gave a speech . the speaker presented before the group of students . some of the students received gifts at the conference . at the end , they all gathered for a group photo .
a group of friends decided to go out for some fun on st. [female] 's day . they ordered some food and drinks they shared appetizers . the group was happy to spend time together . the night ended with some fun dancing at the bar .
mrs. hoffman 's choir class performed at the school today . the choir sang many classic songs . all of the children put on the best performance the school had ever seen . after the concert the children from the choir received rewards . mrs.hoffman was so proud of her very talented choir .
at the beginning of the event there was a great deal to get done , which caused some frustration for the host . even though time was limited , the gathered men still decided on a plan of action . when the attendees began to arrive they were told that the weight would not be much longer and the festivities would soon begin . when everything was in place the big event came to life and went off without a hitch . everyone , including the host , was extremely happy and knew they just had a very unforgettable experience .
many came out to support the program , including many future footballers . donations were coming in fast and the booth stayed busy . including taking this 10,000 dollar check from [male] smith . which , lead to coach palmer shouting to the rooftops ... and , the cardinal mascot chasing his daughter down for a celebratory hug !
a little driver wanted to take them to their destination . the church was small and held a few guests . members of the party were young and old . the rings were basic but significant . photos taken provided memories for a lifetime .
these people were involved in a lottery and did n't know they would soon be billionaires . they met with these people to have dinner and realized they were late to get there lottery ticket . so , they called the kids and said , please go get our lottery , we never miss . this woman sold them the ticket in the mini mart next door . they bought everyone flowers , added a 5,000 dollar check and said , thank you for all of your help .
at the company meeting today , after going over all of the normal business , a guest speaker was brought in . the company ceo introduced mr. bartlin to the group . mr. bartlin is a motivational speaker who is known for being able to increase company sales . during his presentation , he showed a graph made of other companies who have implemented his policies and it showed great growth . at the end , he hosted a question and answer period which the employees really enjoyed .
we continued to wait for the ride home ... i looked over the mountains ... and , i started to lose faith ... and , then the car arrived ! a wonderful bmw from the gemans ! i could n't have asked for a better ride home .
we decided to take off and go to the organization show room . the white car was without a doubt my favorite model . we even got to see the motorcycle 's they are working on . the red car was awesome and very expensive . inside the car was amazing and i felt like i was in the future .
the professor is speaking to the class . as the professor is explaining to the class that there is more to life than just looks and getting by . the class looks as if they are interested in the topic of discussion . during the lecture the boy with the black hat ask , a question and the professor responds . after class was over the professor introduce , his assistant .
me and my lover went on a vacation to see some sights . here we are getting something to eat . we liked the food but the place was rather crowded for our tastes . here is a view of the city from our hotel . it was so lovely to look out every night as the sun went down . another shot from high up . it was breath taking to watch the city light up as the sun went down . we where in line for a ferris wheel . i thought that this would make a good pic , and i think it came out well .
our fourth of july barbecue was the best . dad ruled over the grill like a master . there was n't much food left at the end of the day . the kiddie pool was a perfect place to cool your feet on a hot summer day . someone had so much fun , they did n't want to go to bed after their shower .
the girl is getting ready for her graduation . during the commencement , she was so excited . she waited for her name to be called for her diploma . at the end of the ceremony , everyone threw their hats up in the air . finally she is done with school and she is so happy .
today we decided to go to the city . we found some very large buildings that we had n't seen before . the night sky was beautiful when the sun went down . there were a lot of cool decorations that lit up at night ! i want to come back to the city tomorrow , but now i must sleep .
[female] [female] and [female] pose before the marathon that [female] [female] is running . [female] [female] has caught up with [female] [female] . [male] [male] is taking pictures of me taking pictures of him . come on racers to take a rest break . [female] [female] is doing well in her race but she needs a water break .
location 's outback is not to be compared . many area have never been traveled by humans . this seal does n't seem to have any fear of man . i ca n't believe i was able to get this close to her . i can see her black eyes and the cool air ascending from her breathe . it 's an eerie quietness out here but i love every minute of it . my dog [male] loves it too . he seems quite relaxed . the area is full of walrus and seals . the shots i am able to get are amazing .
the hired band plays the songs they were asked to play . the bride and groom get ready for the big moment . they first take some pictures for the family . they all pose with their loved ones . then , they share their first dance as a married couple
i went to the awards ceremony . there were many contestants . only 1 would be able to win the grand prize . there was a lot of tension . eventually the winner was announced and he was very grateful .
the students collaborated on a project . it was a type of robot . the teacher gave general guidelines on what to do next . the students listened and made adjustments . they left the projects to complete another day .
game night was upon us and we prepared a feast for our guests before playing , we all ate the potluck and had wonderful conversation . we settled into the table and ate before [male] said `` let 's start playing ! '' the women formed a team in the first game . they won against the guys team on the other side of the table .
the box was opened , and [male] waited for the right moment to escape his prison . he fell sideways as the bag was flipped around . any minute now , he would be able to get out . the bag was flipped again , and [male] was flung into the stiff fabric of his prison . the flap ripped open , and [male] braced himself . the moment fresh air struck his face , he scrambled out and ran . the owner of the bag peered inside , never knowing that a tiny man was now in his house .
we arrived at the house and it was resplendent in spookiness . we mingled and took pictures of the scenery . a wraith floated with its white gown . we posed in the lighting and made memories . we left the spooky house eventually , but it was great halloween fun !
the local bazaar opened today complete with yummy seafood . it was fun to browse the hand woven baskets . we looked through all of the colorful musical instruments . there is so much color here i felt i needed sunglasses ! bikers came for miles to be part of this event .
[female] has n't been able to hang out with her best friends in a long time . [female] and [female] have been friends since high school . [female] and [female] have been friends for about 5 years . they love hanging out and comparing their favorite fashions . [female] loves [female] 's shoes . she told her she would love to borrow them sometime . [female] also loved [female] 's shoes . these were [female] 's favorite pieces of jewelry .
the soldier was in the military vehicle . the soldier was explaining something to the man . the soldier was in the picture with the children . the empty classroom has classic wooden desks . the were various camps set up .
we went to the fangoria halloween conference . first , this lady spoke about costumes . then , this guy spoke about makeup and wigs to complete the ensemble . then we got to walk around and see examples of how costumes and makeup can be combined to create a scary effect . here 's one of our favorites .
there were people around and they showed the boys things . the girl was happy that she saw the things and she gave an interview .
we were down by the docks it was very interesting there was nothing going on it was pretty much abandoned the dry docks are empty
when i got to my parent 's house they were very happy to see me . they had invited a bunch of friend and family over for dinner . there was a lot of food there . there were many babies too . the food was delicious .
