it was a very snowy and cold day today . there were not many people out driving . there had been a lot of footsteps in the snow outside of this building . the steps were very icy and slippery . as the day progressed the sunshine helped melt a lot of the snow off of the cars .
we joined hands on a tropical island . we stand before our dinner table feeling the moment . how gorgeous the evening will be after the lovely sunset . the sky is as breathtaking and nothing else can compare . our first night together is all about love .
this is the clock in the clock tower . the clock tower is huge . there were some sculptures at the base of the clock tower . there was also a huge ferris wheel . the cars were on the outside of the ferris wheel .
friends unloaded their things to get ready for the triathlon . the first stage of the triathlon was rowing 5 miles . a couple people had trouble on the 2nd stage , biking . most , though , had a fine time with no problems . [male] won first place and the trophy ,
the class celebrated organization organization organization . hats were popular fashion choices . chips and dip were some examples of the food served . games were played . and lots of prizes were won .
we saw a leopard . then we saw a pond . we stopped to take a picture . we continued walking . at the end of the day , the sun is setting soon .
i went to an art gallery to see some of the new paintings . this one looked like an old american flag . this piece was interesting , and looked so real . i talked with a few friends about the art pieces . this picture was one of my favorites .
this was the sign welcoming us into location location . location location had the most unique water tower ! this is where we decided to stop and eat ; they had the best tamales ! after lunch we had ice cream at this little shop . this souveneer shop had the friendliest workers , but not a very big selection .
more often than not i prefer to take public transportation when i travel . it 's a good way to meet and understand the local people . recently , i hopped on a train from location to location . the ride was long so i made sure to get a seat and bring a new book . the views on the way were awfully impressive .
a family stops at an upscale restuarant . they are greeted with lots of silverware they have never seen before . the chairs are beautifully carved . on each chair , there is a leaf pillow . when they leave , they are all given a hat as a thank you .
testing out my new organization camera that i got for my birthday . shot in motion . no blur . perfect . color is a little off . black and white feature is added on the camera . timelaspe shot of people moving . color still off . close up shot of the horse . color seems off .
their was once a family traveling across the country to relocate . as they drove they saw many wonderful sights of colorful structures . they also saw signs for several popular restaurants . but to the parent 's dismay all the children wanted to eat was ice cream . the parents declined their children 's requests , but stated that they could get souvenirs from local t-shirt shops along the way .
i approached the house in complete silence . i found stairs that led to a secret patio . behind the trees lied a nearby church . the architecture was quite impressive . [female] ascended the stairs to see what was up there .
we went to a museum to see art and history of ancient humans . skulls were interesting . there were signs were people believed in big foot and sea serpents . the museum was interesting . there were also historical modes of transportation .
this is my house out in the country . you can see the sky in the background lit up from the fireworks . here is a view from inside the city where the fireworks are being lit . there goes another one ! the night sky is nice and clear to view the display . here goes the last one for the night .
my friend had a `` pot luck '' dinner last night . there were all sorts of food and drinks . it was a beautiful display . my friend cooked some of the food that night . when the food was all put out on the table we had great fun .
mom an dad were busy in the kitchen making food for a party . there were presents because it was julies birthday . she enjoyed the colors of the wrapping paper . she had much more fun seeing what was inside and showing it around . [female] played with her new toys all day .
a small group of co workers get together for a party . they are really chatting it up while they sit down and enjoy some food . after eating they decide its time for some drinks . [female] is waiting on her drink to be served . they all have something to drink and sit down and talk .
i had a great time at the farm last year . we played a lot of games outside . there were a ton of people there . the house on the farm was well decorated . there were many cats there .
the construction was beginning along the highway . many workers arrived on the scene . then a semi was severely damaged . it looked like the driver may have been hurt . the firemen were quickly at the scene to help save the day .
this neighborhood has changed lots . some of the buildings look exactly the same . there is some cool new artwork on some of the buildings . even bigger projects are even under way . it is still full of happy people going about their business .
here is the crew on the summit of kilimanjaro the long trail to the next summit beautiful views along the way . the alpine tundra is very tiny and fragile . on the summit of location at last !
for his fourth birthday , we had a birthday party for our son . a lot of people were invited and attended including our son 's grandparents . making a special appearance were some of our son 's friends from pre-school . our son is obsessed with construction machinery , so we made him a chocolate cake with some of his favorite machines . at the end of the party , our son was thrilled .
our trip to the capital was fun but solemn , with so many new sights to see , but memorial day was a sad purpose . there 's so much walking , so luckily the weather was good , but we thought we were in for a storm when the sky darkened , so many people here -- maybe a holiday was n't the right time to do tours , but as long as we were there , we had to see all -- people protesting were an interesting backdrop , but i never did find out what that was about . more walking , more clouds -- but still nice , so we headed out to see more of our history . we were late for cherry blossoms , but there were still many beautiful trees that showed how carefully laid out the area was .
delicious thai dishes started with some crispy chicken pad thai is always one of my favorites . this dish featured sprouts and veggies . this one was crispy and very tasty . this was a simple meat dish with veggies sliced thin . my favorite !
two gentleman gather for a day in the wilderness . other friends join them as they walk down the riverbed . they have found a fish in the shallows . he smiles and poses with his new found food . other anglers come with their poles .
the train finally arrived . we quickly jumped aboard and were ready for our journey . it seemed like a short trip , taking three hours . when we arrived , the weather had changed . it was snow covered ground . we made our way to the hotel and looked forward to our vacation .
the whole family went shopping we saw lots of dolls . they had a bunch of stuffed animals . there were cool dolls and guys . a bunch of different collectibles to choose from . they had movies and books too .
the bakery had a selection of pastries . some items were shaped into figures . there 's always freshly baked items for sale daily . the bakers come in early every morning . the sign is recognizable even on a dimly lit street .
an old clock tower had not worked in many years it merely stood as an attraction . the locals would talk and try to bring together many to repair it . although the local churches were very empty with two buildings supporting it they did what they could . they even brought it to court to see that the actions being taken were legal . once fixed the residents of the town spent the rest of the day riding boats to celebrate their success on fixing the clock .
we dressed the kid up and headed to the festival . he had a lot of fun from the moment we got there . there where others dressed up to . he was really excited . we brought the baby but he mostly slept . we rode the rides and had an awesome day .
a group of friends were off for their first day of skiing after the first big snowstorm of the season . of course they had to show off for pictures . they had worn some different costumes because they were so excited . he decided to go with a green motif . and he decided that purple was the way to go . all of the friends had fun on their glorious day of skiing .
we had not just one , but two beautiful cakes for the celebration . both lit with a candle . the round cake is the favorite . the swirled pattern made with the topping is truly artistic . brother and sister pose in front of the two cakes on the day of the celebration . grandma was there to celebrate as well . she was happy to be able to be there . as if the cakes were n't enough , plenty of other small gifts were received on this special day .
this is grandma 's cafe from outside . it 's beautifully decorated by grandma 's plants and wooden entrance grandpa made . grandma is pouring a cup of coffee to a neighborhood friend who stopped by to get delicious cup of our family traditional coffee this is the cafe gramda owns . no one is here because the cafe is n't open yet but usually it 's packed ! grandma 's delicious baked goods that she offers at her cafe . they are baked fresh daily . grandma was teaching mommy how to make proper coffee using traditional family recipe
off to the bar to party on a saturday night . [male] is first up to do some karaoke . job well done . next , [male] decided to react the video of the song he was singing ! up next , was [male] . he puts alot of energy into his karaoke . last , but not least , was [male] . he was a natural .
three friends look on over a massive table of beer . they fill their glasses and give a toast . after drinking , the food arrives . they then drink some more to wash the food down . a news crew arrives later on to interview the party-goers .
i got a chance to bring my daughter over to my friend 's house the other day . we made sure to bring over a bunch of her toys so that she keeps busy and does n't get too bored . overall , our time was focused having fun with our child . our friend usually likes to go through books with her . but in the end , her favorite toy is her stuffed kitten .
we parked just out front of the station . it was not too long before we saw the train approaching under the bridge . to the left of the station there was a sea , just beyond the village . we took a stroll on the beach so that i could show dad the boating area . he was surprised that it was free to use any boat that we wanted .
time for the annual craft fair so i hopped in the car and headed straight there . saw many lovely picnic baskets . the jewelry , while a bit large , was very tempting to buy as gift for mom . some presents came pre-wrapped , though i was hesitant to buy without touching . i am can not refuse a moose item so i bought a hand-drawn card .
there were many pretty flowers by the big eggs . one was yellow and another was red . there were many big eggs .
my daughter and her skating team participated in a big competition over the weekend . they were in perfect sync with one another and did really well . after the competition they were asked to take a team photo to remember the event . they were also given awards for their great effort . the coaches could not have been more proud of the girls .
my father had a stamp collection . h.is stamps were beautiful some of the collection were many stamps connected to make one picture . others , were very old . all of the stamps , together , made my father proud of his array .
we took a trip to location for vacation . first we came to a koala in the wild . after that we found some small water falls . then we found a large bird eating flowers . at the end of the day we watched the sun set .
there was a grey geese concert last night . it was a sold-out show . they played all of their greatest hits . they had awesome lighting in their set . they even played their hit song beaver feet .
we took our annual drive around town to see the christmas lights . this house was very colorful and beautiful . these people went to a lot of expense and time to entertain us ! we always appreciate the people who decorate for our entertainment . this house is full of life , colorful and fantastic .
there were hundreds of people at the fourth of july concert . they had floats too ! i liked her voice . he was okay . it was very hot !
we went outside to watch a fun parade . everyone in the neighborhood was so excited . they had all kinds of neat things going on ! it was crowded but i could still see everything . i loved my first parade and ca n't wait to see another one !
best buds . we decided to spent the day in the park with this magnificent view . there , see it , right there , cool huh ? sweetie we love you too but you 're squishing us , ca n't breathe . got something to say mr. watermelon , did n't think so .
we were all at the beach getting ready for a lovely day of fun ! first , we made beautiful heart shaped waffles . [male] threw a rock into the water because he was so hungry for waffles . he was tired of waiting , so he asked all of us if we wanted to go into the water . we all took our shoes off , and then we waded into the water until the waffles were ready to eat .
the television in the hotel room was small . so we got better seats . we had our ticket but could n't get in . so we packed out stuff for the trip . we were then going to start in the tents .
everyone was ready for the birthday party to start . the entire family was their to help celebrate . they found their seats at the table . then they ate a large meal . after the food , they all offered congratulations and well wishes .
we went out for a birthday dinner . the food was all unique and different to us . we were surprised at how good the food tasted . some of us however , were n't so impressed . however , everyone still had a good night !
a fire broke out in the distance . a man living near by saw this and called the fire department . the fire was starting to die down after a couple of minutes . it was all over the news and media . after the fire was put out , the building was already ruined .
i went to my very first live concert today ! it was an amazing experience to hear all the instruments rumble through your body . the people there were really cool and they all enjoyed the same music . the lead vocalist was amazing live ! it sounded just like the cd ! now to cross that off the bucket list . here 's to a great future !
decided to take the team out for a pizza dinner and talk about the up coming game . for a while things got a bit serious.we had to tackle some short comings of each player . with much understanding everyone realized that its only to help the team . we expressed our concerns and what we should be doing as a whole team . but overall we had a good time and ate some great pizza
this is my favorite chapel . it was built in 1618 . there are even carvings on it 's walls . the cemetery outside date back to the 1600s too . god is always present .
the woman gets ready for the group mountain climb . she meets with her friend . they all take a group photo . they then start their hike . they make camp for the night .
we all went camping last weekend . we did n't know how so we went to get some instruction . there was a guide who was willing to help us . he was very experienced at camping . we all got together to pay attention to the instructions he was going to give us .
on our class trip we all wore our school uniforms . i got to read many different books that i had never read before . all of the kids were so excited to read new books . the first book i read had lots of cool pictures in it . one of my friends read us a story from one of the books .
this family loves to go to location location . they always eat italian sausage sandwiches for lunch , ride the ferris wheel , and play games when they go . sometimes they even stop for supper at the organization organization .
smith family loves the sea and beaches . [female] , their youngest daughter loves playing on the beach . the family recently visited a country fair . the whole family enjoyed the marry go round ride . their two daughters [female] and [female] were very excited on a boat ride .
location location is a beautiful city . our family grew up here and it is a piece of my family 's heritage . the city speaks to me and the nearby buildings are filled with energy . location location is the city that never sleeps . we were n't very rich growing up , but our family came first . we were always happy as long as we had our family . the streets of location location will always be a place i remember in my heart for the rest of my life . i 've gone up in life but i never forget where i 'm from in the streets of location location location .
this family had a fundraiser for the parade . the american flag could be seen in the parade . there were also people holding flags of other countries . people looked onward patiently . this family had raised a significant amount of money for the event .
finally the speaker arrives . people were eager for the conference to begin . there were many speakers that day . people made small talk while waiting . afterwards , everybody took a photo together .
sight seers take a picture of the church. , they wanted to get every detail they could , even the address . this one seemed out of place . they get a view from right under . then , they add a filter .
it was a beautiful fall day to be outside we decided that it was a good day to chop some wood to store it for winter chuck was taking a break from chopping wood and breathing in the cool autumn air even [male] the cat was enjoying the nice day . we had a profitable day with lots of wood chopped and stored .
everyone was so excited for the fair . they got to see the musicians play . every one was dressed for the occasion . at the end of the night , they even got to see the motorbike riders . the organization organization spun and spun , no one wanted to go home .
we got to the stadium with tickets in hand ; we were excited . there was quite a crowd outside that we had to get through . our seats were high up.. but at least we had a good view of the stadium . the girls all got this great ice cream sundae they had there . and me and my girl had an amazing time watching the game even if they lost .
i found a vintage picture of my mother and father with my brother and i . here is our first fishing trip . here i am teaching my little brother about football . here is him posing with his helmet . here is him without .
my daughter loved being able to meet tigger at our recent organization adventure . we had never been during the christmas holidays . the decorations were amazing . my husband and son rode all the roller coasters while my daughter and i admired all the lights . they had an amazing light show the night we were there . my husband even loved the lights after dark and was happy we had stayed late . it was a success .
we took my son on a roadtrip . we stopped to look at the golden gate bridge . he had a lot of fun in the go carts . we stopped in the desert and took a picture . my son was excited to get home .
went out to a craft mall where there were lots of different booths set up . the basket area was great , with lots of different size baskets . the jewelry selection available was very nice as well . one of my favorites was these cute little soaps wrapped up so neatly . handmade greeting cards also caught my eye . it was a great day of shopping !
we traveled by car to the bay . off in the distance , we spotted a lighthouse . up close , the lighthouse was huge . we were able to go up in the lighthouse and the view was awesome . there were many rocks jutting up from the water .
we have always enjoyed travelling to far away places . with so many opportunities to enjoy unique experiences . many times , even the places we stayed provided new experiences , like sleeping in bunk beds . we also enjoyed staying in places where we were able to gather with other visitors and share stories . with so many sites to see , it always seems like we have to leave far too soon .
our annual organization organization organization featured a bicycle obstacle course this year . the safety director wore his helmet , of course . some parts were easier than others . [male] had to see how fast he could pedal since it had been years since he had ridden a bike . [male] just had to show off his trick riding skills .
the trees and nature were vast . there were marvelous stone buildings . the stairs were very easy to climb but there were a lot of them . we found this cat along the route to the market . we were able to find nice fabric and rugs at the shop .
the couple was happy they were dancing in the stars . the guy got a gift and saw a figure that he got before taking photos of the stars again .
there was a big ferris wheel near location location . the building was huge and people had nice shirts . there was a nice building near .
these flowers starts out very slow growing once they get plenty sunshine and water they seems to grow a little but they have to stay in a sun room area for protection because once they start blooming they are pretty and starts to grow crazy
time for the annual bixfest in location , location . [female] and linn posed with the famous [male] 's mascot . the food choices were endless . the funnel cakes are huge and irresistible . they are big enough to share with a crowd !
the festival is in our city today . nothing like seeing things from on top . the band begins to play familiar songs . barefoot in the street , this little boy is enjoying the moment . the downside of being barefoot , is cleaning them afterwards .
we recently visited a town on the coast . there were houses built right on the cliffs ! in the marketplace , there were so many different things to buy . this man roasted meat on a spit right in front of you ! the locals had us follow them to show us a great place to do some sightseeing .
the kids were so eager to open the presents they got for christmas . [female] went first to pick her present , she was so excited . [female] did n't understand her new gadget . here we are taking the family picture , the happiest family on earth . [female] was so tired after the excitement that she dozed off at the end .
the whole family went on vacation to the beach . we got to see a monkey . dad had a beer . we saw a old yellow boat . there were other people on the beach with us having a good time too .
the family went to the woods to go camping . they even brought along their dog . grandpa came too and was in charge of the fire . they are watermelon and oat meal . afterwards they took a hike in the woods .
the boys had cotton candy while waiting for the parade to begin . the parade started off with clowns . many area politicians also marched . politicians shook hands with the crowd . and later that night , we enjoyed the firework display .
my family and i live on a farm , so when i took my first plane ride to the big city , i was so excited . the first thing we did after checking into our hotel was take a long boat ride on the river that winds around the downtown area . that night we attended a baseball game , my first major league game . i ate 3 hotdogs . the next day we visited city hall and learned a lot about the history of the great city . for me the highlight was when my dad arranged for us to take a helicopter ride at night . so cool !
the grand [male] of the parade was a fun elderly man . he announced the parade which included some women in risque costumes . many women danced and performed . the people marching in the parade were really entertaining to watch . i had a great time . i ca n't wait to see who is in the parade next year !
the parade has begun and it seem so intriguing . their costumes and movement was so cool . this group was the best and everyone loved them . this lady costume stole the show . this was my favorite group costume up close . this parade was fun and next year will be better .
the big parade in our city is a study in contrasts . there are girls dressed up so fancily like this one here . i love seeing the showgirls prancing around ! the clothes they wear are so incredibly , and the props are huge . however , then there 's also very traditional parade elements , like a brass and drum band . you ca n't get much more traditional than this marching band , and i love that too . it 's great we can include many elements in our parade !
he was glad to be at the family dinner . he opened all of his cards . and opened a few gifts . it was a good night . finally he opened his last gift and it was what he really wanted .
i 've heard ancient stories of secret passages through these mossy rock areas . some old writing within the moss , maybe it 's a clue or code to enter . the clue told me to push the green brick to enter a special chamber . i pushed the brick and it opened to these old mossy stairs , i 'll follow them . it lead me to this sacred burial ground , it 's full of treasures and wealth beyond your imagination .
working together can create a family . such close conditions and striving for common goals brings about strong bonds . but it ca n't all be about work , and fun must be had too . sometimes even things like taking time to grocery shop together can make the day go by easier . it helps keep everyone in top form to teach the public !
she made a great `` cheesehead '' hat for the game ! here she is posing with some guy . and now she is posing with another guy.oj more parade girls . here she is posing with a raiders fan .
a group of bicyclist went out for a long trip . they got their helmets and was ready to go . when they got on the road they would stop for a rest . then when they got to the destination , they found a place to set their bikes . after that they found time to sit and relax .
we found our spot for the christmas parade . first a float came by with a giant teddy bear . then the nut crackers passed . then mickey passed by . [male] and minnie came buy again on ice .
they went to a new city for the conference , and sight seeing . the conference was mostly dull . then to the tour , along the river and to the cathedral . then a boat ride to see the river falls . a great day in location .
according to the map the crew had to hike 15 miles to get to the camp site . looking out over the water a feeling of peace entered the hiker . standing on the rocks really reminded everyone to be careful . it was beautiful outside but getting hurt all the way out in the wilderness would not be good . the view of the beach from all the way up here was amazing . when they reached the campsite by the ocean , dolphins could be seen from where the tents would go .
i took a tour of the church yesterday . it is beautiful inside . all of the paintings had so much detail . there was a theater area . i took tons of pictures .
someone started a fire in an abandoned car , as it sat by the side of the road . it was late and the sky was dark . fueled by gas , the fire quickly engulfed the entire car . a fire fighter fought the fire . working quickly , the fire began to abate . the glow of red and orange began to subside and the roar of the flames became quieter . the fire was put out , leaving a trail of smoke that sailed up in the night . a tow truck was on the scene and they got the lift ready so that they could transport the car to a junk yard .
my friends and i visited a concert in [female] . one of my favorite bands and group of artists gathered in one place ! some of the band members played saxophone , which i loved to hear . the other band members played drums , which was very loud and annoying . the room was packed with music fan cheering and jumping with the music .
[male] and his friends went on a bike run at night in the city . they started to gather near the park . they traveled all over the city . through tunnels and over bridges . finally stopping at their favorite food truck spot for some burritos .
today is the fourth of july . the fireworks are just starting . they are so loud because we are so close . look how beautiful they are ! sitting in the baseball field was the perfect stop to watch them . this was the best fourth of july i 've ever had .
we took a trip to a convention last month . we saw all kinds of people and a lot of good friends were there . there were a lot of great speakers that told many stories . this is the group of people that we went there with . we all took this picture as we were on our way to go the airport .
the rocko boys were at it again . a ski trip was the perfect place for some good old fashioned fun . [male] and [male] made a meal out of what they found along the ski slopes . [male] and [male] jammed out to a playstation 2 videogame . the boys had a special bond that could not be broken .
my uncle showed up to the party in his old location . it was nice seeing the family again . we played fetch with the dog . the boys joked around and peered over the fence . the flowers looked great for the party .
cold and snowy winter days are perfect for building a snow man . you have to search for the right snow to pack into balls to form the snow man 's figure . but once you find the perfect snow , the body really comes together , and a snowman is made . this is how little [female] spent her wintery afternoon , and she had a blast .
we went for a boating holiday on the river last week . it was incredibly relaxing just floating along enjoying the beauty of nature . [female] even let the sun see her legs ! we stopped for a picnic on the banks of the river . it was fantastic . we joked that this was a duck billed platypus . the first one seen in this country in the wild !
when mount vesuvius erupted the people had no chance of survival . fathers tried to shield their infants . mothers picked up their children and ran . whole families tried to out run the red hot lava and ash . but it was too late ! they and the city were gone .
the new lighted curtains were designed to relax the atmosphere . there was even a machine that created spiral holograms in the air the lighted picture frames were my favorite at the light art show . then there was the light curtains that were perfect for halloween . it is amazing how lights can be used to depict different symbols .
today was [male] 's birthday but he had completely forgotten . we decided to wake him up so we could begin his special day . i decided to check with [female] before [male] got around to the kitchen to make sure everything is ready . he was so happy the moment he saw the cake , that he could n't wait to blow out the candles . once he finished blowing out the candles we sent him outside to play with his friends in the bouncing castle we rented .
i 'm not a huge fan of team-building meetings so i was n't too thrilled to see the rooms blocked off and a speaker when i came into work this morning . and then the speaker started with a power point about being inclusive and i was just waiting for words like `` synergy '' and `` think outside the box . '' and , of course , we had to break into small groups to come up with ideas which is always awkward for me as i tend to be introverted . but i did enjoy the smaller session later in the day and the use of the wall as a projector . i ended up having a good day because how can you not like an exercise that has you visually represent a classic saying !
it was a birthday celebration for a girl in location . she received many presents such as this flower . she had a smile on her face the entire time because she received so many presents . her mom was proud of her because of her recent accomplishments in school . the entire family gathered around to open gifts . they had a great time at this social gathering .
it was the day of our family reunion . we were really happy to see everyone after so long . we also did a gift exchange with everyone . afterward we all took off for some fun at the lake . it was a really great day that ended with a great sunset .
the pool party was a fun tradition . all of our friends would gather to swim and have a good time . the boys started drinking alot . they drank too much and ended up kissing . the night ended with a friendly poker game .
the lamb in the church is peeing in the fountain . sad to think this happened . and then he really had to hang there like this , in misery . she makes all better . and here he lays to rest .
overlooking the old city , a rainbow hung in the sky . a journey to the temple downtown was always peaceful . adventurous travelers could pick a new route to search often . one such route led down a secretive path . the path led to a organization organization where old manuscripts were hidden .
i had a great time today . i went to the cafe to grab some coffee . we really enjoyed the coffee there . everyone wanted to take pictures of us . we spent the rest of the day taking pictures .
the fireworks show started on the ground . they then put off some colorful ones in the sky . some were very large . some were very bright . they were all very pretty .
zoomed in on a plant in the back yard . the scene is beautified by the shrubbery . the rustic gate blended well with the scene . the stairs led up to the house , which was in slight disrepair . the base of the house began caving in .
the family got together for a seafood feast . [male] grilled shrimp and oysters . the oysters looked great in their deep sauce . after the feast , [male] took the dog to play at the beach . the dog thought digging in the sand was the perfect end to the day .
taking black & white photos is my favorite . this is an old bridge i found one day . our house by the beach so much better photographed this way . the beach looks like it belongs in an old movie . you could almost feel a ghost watching you from down the lane . [male] sitting on the bench watching the waves . very cool .
my parents bought war bonds and used them to buy records so we could listen to piano music . i think that is why i was able to play well enough to preform at location location . some people thought i played divinely ! i was over the rainbow with that compliment from the critics . it was like a fairy tale come true for me !
the girl guides lead off the parade through the town . all of the girls paraded together with flags . their leaders walked along with them and made sure everyone kept order . one leader walked ahead to make sure the route was clear . at the end , the leaders stood up and announced that the girls had done a great job !
this sign typifies the attitude that i have been taking since we arrived in this strange country . coming in on a small boat , this three-building mass was an unexpected sight . just off the coast of the mainland , this is where the evil emperor lives . at night , the lights become fantastic -- dimly lit 24 hours a day by the strange energies down below . and at midnight , the emperor zaps lasers at all his enemies !
[female] 's 5th birthday cake . singing happy birthday to [female] . [female] eating her birthday cake and loving it . the bar and the snacks . [female] is opening her birthday presents .
he is going to get foil highlights . the trashbag was used for his legs . his friend is helping with the hairdo . they stopped to show off their hair . here is the final product .
going out grocery shopping with my wife . my wife emptying our cart into the car . my wife in an empty lonely parking lot . me relaxing after a long exhausting day . my wife and i laying in bed after a long day .
the band played a great set at the pub . the bass player was having a lot of fun . and the drummer was mugging away , as he laid down the beat . some of the classic stage moves this young band performed . the lead guitarist was feeling good about the performance , sure that he was all that and a bag of chips .
we decided to have a neighborhood party . we even got a big version of chess to play . everyone was ready to play the game . it was even a costume party ! we had the best weather for it .
the neighbors invited us out to brunch . we were delighted of course and accepted . the place they brought us to was hawaiian themed . we found out they practically invited the entire neighborhood ! it was fun though and we had plenty of laughs .
the woman got ready for the parade with her costume . she joined her friend in the lineup . her friend was dressed in green and yellow . meanwhile , the band prepared with their instruments . finally , they played in the parade .
we bought groceries to try out this recipe we saw online . there were a lot of ingredient to prep . the one ingredient in this list that we have n't used before was the coconut milk . here 's my wife skillfully mixing everything . at the party , our dish looked like a huge success !
they opened gifts for christmas . she got a lampshade . her friend took a silly picture with the shade . they blew out the candles on a cake . they took a picture together during the party .
look at those rabbits . time for dinner ! i 'll go catch them ! i just got ta make this jump . then i can grab them ! almost there ... wow ... that was a failure .
i love the lights . such pretty colors . so much to see . so much to do . and hot dogs !
we all met at the bar for the night . he was liked her and tried to pick her up all night . there were a lot of friends who came . she wanted him to see all the decorations she hung . they were acting goofy all night .
we enjoyed a view of the water from the beach . we watched the long boat sail by . we went under the canopy and enjoyed the ocean . we stared at the grass prarie . we looked at the two brown pig statues .
when you see the wall of fancy circles , you know you 're almost at the wild days celebration ! there 's some terrific acts on stage for free . the cool part is that most of them are non-professionals ! people dress up crazily . it 's not really a 4th of july thing , but it 's held around that time , so there 's a lot of patriotic costumes . the winner of the talent show get the big rose bouquet !
today it was the day of the festival ! a lot of people were going . this year we had a medieval theme . people seemed to enjoy it . there was even a `` [male] '' that addressed his subjects , then there were the princesses . who were gorgeous ! the parade was really cool afterwards too ! this by far was my favorite festival !
this is me when we went camping last week . my husband came along too . later my family and friends arrived . we went for a little hike . when the sun went down , we sat around and sang campfire songs .
we got a great view for the fireworks tonight . the colors look amazing from this distance . it is really amazing how many they can fire at the same time . they even have streaks of sparklers to show off . the grand finale was really a big spectacular .
it 's time for the clipper city boating festival . the best tequila is being served . everybody enjoys a few drinks at sea . old friends meet and share a few laughs . the best part is the view of the city while on the boat !
i like trains . trains are cool . i take lots of pictures of them . here 's a close up . check out that engine .
everyone gathered to see what was causing the ruckus around the building . they saw the spray paint ; however , that was the least of he worries . the entire building had been looted . and , several had been injured and placed in ambulances . that was enough for the onlookers , as they dispersed and attempted to enjoy the rest of their day .
it 's a beautiful day . everyone is hanging by the river . these guys are having a lot of fun . the wind is blowing the whirly . the town is enjoying the wind and the sun .
today we adopted a new dog . we wanted to make sure he would get along with our chickens . we let the chickens out and brought the dog nearby to see what happened . the dog just stood near the fence , interested , but not in a bad way . after his performance with the chickens , we decided to keep him !
we took a trip to a carnival . the kids seemed to enjoy the ride . here is a candid moment with the family . she seemed very comfortable and pleasant in the ride . lastly , she did n't want the ride to end .
a couple of friends decided to go to the skate park on their bicycles . we saw a professional skateboarder . a crowd of break dancers was also present at the skate park . we saw someone do a headstand . amongst the crowd was a man that represented a skateboard company .
the family reunion was held at a small reception hall by a lake . family from many different areas attended . there was over 100 people present . roasted pig was the main course and everyone enjoyed it . [male] and [female] made the trip from their home in location . young and old . man and woman . there is such a variety in the family and all are loved .
we decorated our house for christmas the other day . we went all out this year and will be the most festive house in the neighborhood . the decorations went all around the house and all through the yard . the noel sign was the newest decoration we had . at night with all of the lights lit up it was a merry sight .
me and my friends went cycling one day . my friend , [male] is a really good cyclist . he eventually fell behind to [male] , who is probably the best in our group . [male] maintained the lead for the majority of the race . i had to go slow , because i had an injury . we all had a great time cycling !
the bridge was falling in but the boats could get through . they got to the resort with the large tree and the interesting animals .
today i decided to be goofy and take some selfies with my camera . i set the camera to give me one minute to pose before it takes the picture . here i a m singing a song into a shower head . this is me and my dog samara . she wants in the picture too . last picture was showing of my favorite number 34 .
we went to go see grandma this weekend . she was happy to see us . we sat and talked for quite some time . that is until my daughter got tired of sitting . she got up and started to dance on the floor . we had to tell her to go dance on the carpet for fear of her hurting herself .
it 's christmas and finally time for the location location location . homes and buildings all decorate in fun colors . this is a hair shop that sells a lot of handmade hair ribbons . this display is on someones front lawn . at the end , the cars drive through this tunnel of lights and back to the main highway .
went on a long walk today on our trip . we saw some pretty awesome views from the top of the hills . there was a lot of cool plants iv'e never seen before . butterflies were everywhere out here . camping out in nature is the best thing ever !
today the village celebrated [male] 's 100th day . they each lined up to give [male] his blessings . many of them brought whatever gift they could . most villagers could only manage a card , but it is the thought that counts . the entire village showed up to celebrate .
who 's this guy in the red fedora ? i heard it was his birthday . the whole room applauded when he was coaxed to take the stage . he told a hilarious story and then passed the microphone . little did he know their speech would be an ode to him on his special day . a surprise was presented to our friend and coworker on his birthday .
visited this beautiful castle . the cruise ship docks at this old port . what a beautiful skyline this city has . the remnants of this castle have been built out with a more modern building . so many people walking . people do n't walk like this in location .
shoppers riding the escalator at the mall . so many people are shopping today . two friends going into the mall for the great sales . three men in yellow vest outside the mall . picture of the old home we will visit on vacation .
they dropped us in an immaculate garden . filled with bronzed statues ... like the protector of the camp , a strong man with a spear . we then walked to the beach and saw the gorgeous coastline.. and , the first concrete pier i had ever seen . that is where i took my final photo of the trip .
the whole family gathers . the table is set and the cake is in place . grandpa is our guest of honor ! today is his birthday and we are celebrating with cake and candles . grandpa gets a kick our of his presents .
we went to the balloon festival . we set up the balloons they soared over the houses . there was even a football shaped one . people came out to see all the balloons floating in the sky .
the clouds were coming in and the sea was getting angry . the boats wanted to get to shore before it got to rough . even the cats knew something was up . then things calmed down and the sun joined them . the boats were happy that the waters were calm .
the family was getting together . they were all excited to hang out . they sat outside . then they went to the city . the kid played with a dog too .
we were all excited to go hiking ! we stopped by a stream to take a break . we met up with a bunch of other people ! here is one of the highest points we reached . there was a cross here at the other peak .
the dock was long and there was a ship that had blue eyes . the people waited for the ship to leave .
this group of friends met while biking . they thought biking was the coolest thing in the world , even when you fall off . they would go look at bikes together and find ones that they could fix up , and then they would give those refurbished bikes to people on the street so that they too could know the joy of riding a bike .
seashells are plentiful on the beach . the beach is a beautiful tourist site . there are amazing tourist attractions that attract a lot of people . there are great places to eat . the food is delicious and filling .
i loved taking fashion photographs . i loved the different poses i could do . i liked being able to express myself in an artistic way . i even let my dog in on the art . i love being able to express my creativity with everyone .
they decided to stop and eat at the cafe as they toured the city . the couple wondered if this was a family crest of some sort . the statue was somewhat creepy to them with the kids hanging onto the mans legs . the couple ran through the leaves in the park . at the end of the day they saw these two interesting buildings by the bay .
it was the weekly church dinner gathering in the meeting room . pan pizza made by the church young people was the featured dish . the pizza was so good it was devoured by the pan . [male] was in thought as he gave interest to leading the bible study later in the evening . [male] had onery intent in his eyes as he thought of ways to bring laughter to the evening .
mom sent this picture of their first snow this year . here is mom traveling up her path to looking for her favorite lamb . she found the lamb who wondered away from all . here is mom looks like she is stuck in the snow . moms car covered in snow .
a man is holding up a bottle . a man is wearing green and blue . a woman is wearing cat ears . this is a man wearing blue . people are wearing santa hats .
we began the day with seeing how lovely the sunrise was . we went to the fair and saw a gorgeous lion . then at midday , we saw a pretty rainbow . the sunset was especially beautiful and orange . we ended the night with a ride on the ferris wheel .
the windmill seems to be the only man made structure seen for miles . this windmill seems so old fashioned compared to the ones in the back ground . these rock structures have been here for millions of years . the structures make an awe inspiring view . it would seem that jim also appreciated the rock structures and wanted all that passed here to know .
this is the first female mayoral candidate this town has ever had . she is personally handing each of her supporters a campaign sticker . the fundraising dinner starts at 6:30 . there will be about 75 people coming to support her . the night will end with a delicious assortment of desserts .
my family and i went to location for vacation . we arrived at the holy wall and it was amazing . there were many people worshiping in front of the wall . people would get right up close to the wall and pray to themselves . the wall did n't have any outwardly visible distinguishing features . it was just a stone wall .
[male] wanted to show off his drawing . a business meeting occurred between two gentlemen . the guests watched a presentation . a short award ceremony began after the presentation . five people won awards that night and everyone was happy .
snow covered the grounds heavily in the winter . the lake was covered in white flakes as well . the yards of homes were blanketed . the waters looked breathtaking . some wildlife stayed close to the water .
i woke up and looked out my window after i heard screeching brakes and a loud crash . i saw a man running down the street as his car burst into flames . i called 911 as i watched the fire get bigger . i could smell the burning gasoline . firemen quickly showed up and made people stand back as they fought the blaze . soon they were able to put the fire out before it spread . everyone was relieved . i told the police i saw the driver running away from the scene . i hope they find him unharmed . that was scary .
upon looking to buy some old items , we found some old roulette wheels . then we saw a bunch of junk and small bottles . my favorite part was the old newspaper boxes . and the old fans were pretty cool ; too bad most did not work . last but not least , i was told all of the phones were hooked up to ring at once !
we parked the car at the station and waited for the train . the train was right on time . here was our view from the train window . we arrived at the fishing village at noon time . i was looking forward to some freshly caught seafood for lunch .
the tigerstripe tribe celebrates its latest victory in the urban jungle while it 's new subjects look on shamefully defeated . the celebration begins with music to honor their fallen . they chant to their god and praise her for strength she has granted them to achieve victory . their god and leader shila hears their praise with gratitude . shanzi , a great warrior , is joyful her leader is happy with their victory .
we had a big get together for our kids and friends . we celebrated [female] 's birthday . she loved her cake that we had prepared . she blew out all the candles in one puff . her favorite part were the presents of course .
the building was standing very tall in the park . we traveled using a river . there were very many figurines at the shop . the home was well decorated and had many windows . i told my wife to take a picture near the river .
the husband and i spent hours in the kitchen . this year , we made homemade gifts for christmas . i made posters for my coworkers , so that they could have simple directions to the party we are hosting . we still have a lot of work ahead of us before we are finished with preparations .
my current project is this old dune buggy . i work on it in the garage on my spare time . i 'm already put in new seats and flooring . the orange suspension system is new , too . the next thing i 'm working on is the engine .
the art fair begins today . this unusual art piece combines drawing and writing . these oil paintings capture birds . i 've never seen such a colorful pistol as this . this wall piece will get your interpretations wondering .
dad , mom and the brothers . going fishing for the first time . playing football with his cousin . getting ready for his first game . he did pretty good .
the views are breathtaking in this small town . the history comes to life . everyone who comes here comes for the sights . even a cat can appreciate it . the locals make their money by selling art work that represents the sights .
a group of friends getting together before setting sail . all of us sitting down and have a few laughs and sharing stories . having our picture taken to remember the fun party we had . a couple of old friends getting together to discuss memories . this is our boat docked at the end of the party .
the presentation took place before we let for the event . we got on the bus afterwards to head out . when we go there , people spoke and made claims . the building itself was just an average school . afterwards , we all got up and went on our ways .
[female] set up a fun day for us at the park . the windmill was large and very intimidating . it look a lot of big gears to make it work . the components were made of old wood . i checked on the internet to see exactly where we were .
so happy to be at the birthday party . waiting for the cake to be cut . enjoying running through the balloons on the ground . playing hide and seek in the hallway . ready to blow out the candles and have some cake .
we went down to the beach today . it was such a beautiful day ! the sky was so blue and there were so many things to see . we even found and old boat ! we had a great time walking along the beach in the sand .
received a package in the mail . she received a birthday present . excited to open it . it is an ipad . setting it up with her imac .
two cats went for a walk together . they walked along the littered coast . they were able to see a small boat . the beach was in disrepair with litter and even an abandoned tire . they were even able to see a cargo ship in the distance .
went hiking yesterday . i went off the trail . this was cool looking . found an old barn.it had an ancient tractor in it . i guess they do not want anyone climbing this tower !
[female] [male] went out on halloween . she met a world famous mariachi singer . she also found another fellow viking named [male] . a couple intoxicated women threw potatoes at her . but she was saved by this whimsical old man .
this is a chinese cuisine in a small town . they specialize in giant rock crabs . one or two legs can be a meal but they are so good 5 is usually the menu offer . there are additional items as side dishes . then at the end of the meal , this dessert that is put inside of sweet bread finishes things off well .
[female] is a great time of year . ducks begin their migration south . the trees lose their leaves in preparation for the colder weather . the foliage is absolutely stunning . the local inhabitants take advantage of the beach before it gets too cold .
i went to my first triathlon last week and stayed at a campground nearby . the first leg of the event was swimming . the next leg of the event was running . the last leg of the event was cycling . prizes and awards were given out after the event was over .
my family visited a neat city last [female] . it had great sites and very big buildings . the people all gathered in the streets to talk and pray . they were always happy to see each other . we talked with these men before going home that day .
a day at the beach with me and my wife . the sand was so smooth ; it looked amazing . that 's my wife taking increcible pictures of the sunset . i loved being with her on these lovely days . the sunset picture she took . i love being in love .
these people have decided to get back to work on the old farm . they buy the truck . one person shows everyone how to get it going . they patrol the fields . they also take a selfie to commemorate the beginning of what 's to come .
our meal began with this delicious sushi rolls . we all ate our food and discussed what is new with our lives . here everyone can be seen relaxing and talking about their day . the three of us friends together again . a picture of us after we had some delicious sushi !
dont ' worry i know which wire goes where ... now was that red to green or green to black ? i swear these things multiply in the case finally able to find my rhythm ok i think we are finally ready to rock honey are our seats in the pyramid , the igloo or the rubiks cube ?
a mother and father sit in their dining room . the children come in to ask their mother for something . teletubbies is on a television nearby . the kids love the sunshine baby . the children gather around in a circle on the floor and play games .
i took pictures during my favorite kids show . i like the one where they turn a log into a friendly pet . they all sat around and waved to the camera . and the end of the show a baby sun was in the sky . and then the characters came out to say goodbye .
today we waited patiently for the music audition . my friend played saxophone when it was his turn to audition the we got up for our singing part and sang our hearts out . then another got up to play his electric guitar . we got the part and thanked the judges .
[female] and [male] are celebrating their 35th wedding anniversary . [male] loves to ham it up for the camera , because he loves to make [female] laugh . even though they have been together for a long time , they still act like young lovers . [male] bought [female] a piece of art for her anniversary gift . surprise ! [female] bought [male] a statue as well !
we arrived at dusk to see the festival of lights . the main attraction was a christmas tree made of lights . from underneath the strung lights , the view was amazing . more people began to arrive for the festivities . even the outside of buildings were adorned with lights .
we woke up in the morning to a marvelous hotel site . we were above a lake in our room . the grand hotel had three floors . it even had an ancient guard tower . the entrance to the hotel was very broad and open .
a lot of old and new friends came over that day . everyone was happy to see ach other . they all had smiles on their faces and stories to tell . some have not seen each other in a very long time . we all enjoyed each other 's company .
we finally arrived to location location . we came to a giant christmas tree completely lit up . after that we found some large rides in the distance . then we watched an amazing water and light show . the whole area had an amazing light display .
i look so serious with a selfie shot before my camping trip . this is the front of the park where i am staying tonight . i rake out the fire pit before i start a new one . nice dry wood is available to split and use . the glowing embers of a campfire are so relaxing .
here we are for a fun day at the church carnival held every year . this is certainly higher than mom and dad swung us when we were little . this is really pretty safe ; look-no hands ! you can get some practice shooting if you give them enough quarters . everyone is spinning around on the beautifully lit whirlybird .
old cities tell stories . their stories may sometimes be very mysterious , but extraordinary either way . old cities remind us how life might have been back then and how far we 've come . it is always good to remember our progress as a people .
the people gathered around the big wall . they prayed there and looked up at the big leaf .
it was christmas morning at our house . time to open presents , dad got new boxers . all the kids had a great time opening their gifts . even the family dog was in a joyous spirt . mom and dad 's favorite part of the day is when the boys got along .
our day at the fair always starts with the tickler . it 's the coolest ride ! then , the one that takes you put in the air and then drops you . i like how it makes my stomach feel ! the high up swings are scary but so , so cool ! i took the kids to play that game where you try to fill up a clown . it was funny watching some littler kids try to do the whack-a-mole !
this old fella still new how to have fun . this woman 's confidence was inspiring . these lovely ladies had very intricate costumes . these mask was clearly a favorite . and this performer was more fun and upbeat .
we were told this food stand has the very best meals in the whole city . this man is preparing food for the dinner rush . after dinner we walk around the town , we can see many tall apartment buildings . some of the buildings look run down and abandoned . one unique thing to this town is the figurines lined neatly along the streets .
everyone at the camp gathered to find out what exciting activities we would do today . we played in the sun with giant chess boards . after chess , we cooled off with a swim in the lake . riding horses was our afternoon activity , and it was fun . at the end of the day , we relaxed with an ice cream treat .
all my best friends are dogs like [male] who is scruffy but lots of fun . moxie lives just down the street and always has a spare bone for me to gnaw . of course [male] is the hug lover of our group . when [male] comes to party though , we howl at the moon all night long . sometimes i just shake my head and love my dog 's life .
our tour started out in the morning walking the streets of this old-world city . we saw this gorgeous building which has a clock and intricate carvings in the facade of the building . love the city built right on the canal . and even more home-like buildings to travel to by boat . we ended our day at this amazing place with two bell towers and steeples .
me and some friends took a trip to the carnival today . here we are together deciding what to do first . i tried winning one of these guys but couldnt manage it . my friend won this blue whoopie cushion , dont know what shes planning to do with it . one of the booths made some quilts that we checked out before leaving for the day .
we went to see the strange silver ball in downtown . we took a lot of funny pictures with it . everything was distorted . it was confusing to look at sometimes . afterward we drove back home .
the boys took a trip in the woods . they rode their bikes to a camp ground . at the camp ground they pitched their tent . they had macaroni and cheese and bread for dinner . before bed they watched the geese at the pond .
this is our annual trip to the lake . it looks quite dry and barron . this is the actual lake . the water is quite low right now . we see a variety of different wildlife . lots of different ducks and swans . this is a long walkway that litterly goes almost across the lake . here we have acorns on the trees . its getting to be autumn .
everyone began to arrive at the party and the gossiping ensued . [male] had just finished his last college exam and was eager to party . everyone gathered around , sharing drinks and laughter . the guys plotted as to how they were going to pick up girl 's later on in the night . [male] managed to score a face rub from one of the girl 's he had his eyes set on .
when we arrived to the fair this guy was the first thing we saw . a little creepy if i do say so myself . [male] and i were very excited about the horse show at the fair today . after the show we decided to walk around the animal sanctuary and ran into this cute guy . there were so many beautiful flowers all around the fair . it would n't be a day at the fair without crazy food options !
they were setting up a craft fair . people were all around looking for goods . one woman was selling gorgeous sweaters . another was selling her photography . people enjoyed the fai a lot .
the garden outside the exhibit was beautiful . the first egg in the easter exhibit reminded the kids of eyeballs . they thought the next one should be called scrambled egg . their favorite , they called dragon fire . there were so many amazing eggs to see . we want to come back again .
i went to a organization rally . people got so into it , they dressed up in laker 's colors . one man even climbed up a light pole to wave the laker 's flag . i could n't resist buying this shirt . in support of the laker 's , i held up these two signs .
the clouds were a bit ominous the day of the festival . so we brought an umbrella just to be safe . i went walking around to see what was going on and i found some break dancers . the audience applauded them . i ran into my friend jen after lunch . her hair was blue ! like us , she was having a good time .
we decided to visit the countryside for vacation . the open road was upon us ! such great views as we drove . this is a train we took to get to our hotel . the hotel was so nice !
proud parents posing before the party begins . birthday boy is so excited we let him open his gifts right away . he happily played with new toys while the grown ups visited . big sister kept an eye on her baby brother . the cake was ready but the kids kept playing . it was served later on .
today was the day everybody was getting together . [female] was a little jealous of how [female] looked . but she still had fun . [female] had a lot of attention from the boys after dying her hair black . [female] was just happy to be with her friends again ! the day went on well , and everybody had a good time !
new years again . i always get excited when i see the lights and explosions . here is tom trying to take pictures of people . every year i try to tell him it is about the lights , but he never listens . so much smoke from the explosions . we hear the fire trucks in the distance , but paid then no mind . some the the fireworks did not even go higher than the buildings around us . on of the rockets fell down and flew into this building . we had such a blast till the cops came .
dad screamed for us from the dining room . `` teletubbies is on ! '' we dragged mom into the living room and made her watch with us . we laughed as the bright creatures danced around and made baby noises . the sun giggled and say bye-bye ! we all waved but mom..wait where 's mom ! she snuck out the window !
when i got to the church there was nobody there so i left to go find something to eat . there was a cafe nearby . i went in to eat a big pancake . afterward i went to the nearby museum . after a long day i walked back to my apartment .
the race had begun and the racers tried their best to gain a lead early . one rider drew away from the pack ; would he be today 's winner ? another racer tried to pull around from behind to take the lead . however , the frontrunner was too far ahead . the leader could see the finish line now ; all he had to do was make it there .
one day a new toy doll arrived in mail . the new doll was so sad she did not know where she was . she sat by herself so lonely . then the cat came to introduce himself to the new doll . the cat and doll became good friends .
my sister arrived early to help me with the family bar bq . every one else arrived soon after . dad manned the grill . there was so much food and it was all delicious . we ended the day shooting off some fireworks .
mom and the kids got bundled up and decided to go to the grocery store . while walking by they saw their friends across the street . they also saw their neighbor and their dog . even people they did not know , like the guy on a bike . either way , they had a great time .
happy birthday , [male] ! for his gift , he chose to go to the science museum and play with capacitors . there was an interesting drink offered that guaranteed to turn your pee purple . and possibly enhance the effects of the color wall . science buzz , indeed .
it was crowded out today . we all went to this building for a protest . we sat on a bench to take a break . we saw this beautiful art . the city was still crowded .
the pyramid was blue and there were pretty lights with the ornaments . the lights were bright in the lamps .
we walked along the sidewalk to get to the beach . this was the house we were staying in . we loved the feeling of the sand between our toes . we got our swimsuits on and dove in . we spotted some fish in this little part .
there were some tall buildings near our vacation hotel room . the courtyard made it seem as though we were n't in a big city . it was tropical , and full of palm trees . the skies stayed clear of rain clouds for our whole trip . the beach was nearby the hotel and very relaxing .
the couple was taking a tour of the city . they found a beautiful view of the city in one building . they could see everything . they also found some rustic buildings . the streets were packed by midday .
the bridge is a lovely part of the city . people show their love by placing locks on the bridge . people from all over like to pose in front of local art work . statues are always a welcome sight for tourists. & # 13 ; ice skating is a wonderful time for many .
today , we set up the book fair . i put out this one to celebrate location day . the kid 's books were the most important . of course , we also needed educational ones . my favorite were the science books , even if they were for children .
the beach was n't calm today . they moved away from the water . they found a little cave . a lot of people had been in it based upon the foot prints . further inland , they found a stream that ran out into the ocean .
my car looked totaled after the accident . i tried to get a picture of the full damage . i could not even open the door . the van pulled over so we could exchange information . i was so upset because i just bought this car .
[male] and [female] had met in high school . he was ancient . she loved him anyway . she was going blind now . that would suck when they went sight seeing .
the area was crowded with people attending the fair . tents and booths were set up . there were a lot of things to stop and look at . tables full of information about the events were available . things were for sale under tents .
when [male] and i got engaged , we threw a big party for our friends and family . everyone came , and there were lots of interesting conversations to be had ! i love how our friends love to talk . we signed the marriage licence and put on the special stickers in view of all our friends . i think my mother was the happiest one at the party ! she had been eager to me to get married .
i had to sit through a really boring presentation by the superintendent today . there was an old , crotchety man just sitting at a white table the whole time . behind the panel of people was a powerpoint slide which nobody wanted to look at . the old man got up and starting pointing at random parts of the slide . i think he was talking about rainforest conservation , but i was not paying much attention .
on our trip , we saw an abandoned area of the city . no one lived here as the buildings had been damaged by an earthquake . weeds were growing on the roof of one of the empty buildings . some structures had been marred by graffiti . rubble and trash in the street made the area appear even more desolate .
our class is learning all about stone rubbing . so we went on a field trip to the cemetery . we each could choose up to 3 headstones to copy we had to choose wisely because some were easier to work with than others . this was one of the headstones that i chose .
our little guy had fun playing with the basket of toys ! he was entertained well by the basket of goodies ! our little guys had fun playing around ! even daddy enjoyed the toys ! the end result was a work of art for family !
we went to the new at & t park across the street ! everyone in line was picketing , because there was n't any cell service . we decided to go to a baseball game instead . the baseball game had n't started yet , so we got some smoothies and ice cream ! we had a blast at the ballpark ! there still is n't any cell service though .
going to the beach is a lot of fun ! today it is not that crowded and it is great being here relaxing . there is a great pier to walk over the water on or do some fishing . there are plenty of rocks to walk on . some of the rocks are dangerous so be careful if you come here .
we went to the city today . there was a lot of cool things to see . there is a lot of old buildings there . we saw lots of different animals . just outside we could see large rolling hills .
we set up the table for easter dinner . we then got the grill ready . we put the meat on the grill . after church our relatives started showing up . we all gathered to eat .
after riding the tram for 15 minutes i finally arrived at my destination . i still had to walk a few blocks and i saw this dog on a bench . in a couple minutes i did arrive . there were already people there . i stayed there well into the night .
a large group of them arrived for the ceremony together . once inside split up to socialize . when it was time for the event to begin , they realized there was no way they could all share a table . so they split into two groups . the first speaker took the stage and the crowd became silent .
its a quiet winters night in a small town and the local ghost hunters are checking out a train museum . the photographer of the group takes a picture of the quiet snowy night . next they move over to the train cars to investigate stories of shadows seen in the windows . while in the train car they see a movement in the abandoned amusement park next door . before they leave to go investigate the amusement park they take a final picture of strange lights in the train yard .
there was a trick riding competition at a park . mountain bikers and trick riders did wheelies . some did more elaborate tricks , getting good air time . this cyclist used his speed from going downhill to fly through the air . the best trick jump of the day was when a cyclist flew over the cameraman !
we went out for a charity dinner with some of our friends . we had great conversation over some pretty good food and of course lots of wine . then they had a 50/50 pool tournament where 50 % went to charity , 50 % went to the winner . as decoration they handed out hawaiian necklaces . it was nice to see so many people getting together . even made a few new friends .
it was our weekly gathering at the bar for playing board games . we waited patiently for our late arrival . we wo n't start without him . there he is , late as usual . but he 's a great guy so all is forgiven . we put the games away when we were treated to an unexpected show . it was bawdy and fun . a nice change from our routine .
i searched online for a antique store who offered a variety of items . the online site boasted about vintage oil cans from many different manufactures . newspaper 's were distributed in several types of machines . this place had assortments of fans that you could get parts that no one else would carry . when i saw this collection of phones , i found out that my family owns this place .
creepy fish that we found on the beach . no clue what it is . [male] did some snorkeling . love how clear the water is . [male] on his surfboard . he is really good . after dinner we headed to the beach again to watch fireworks . this one is really cool . another shot of the fireworks . so colorful !
the work associates have come together about a meeting about organization organization organization . they discuss the many topics that goes with this association . two of the men are sharing what they think are the highlights of the meeting to them . they then go back and tell others about what they thought the highlights were about . at the end of it all , they all felt they learned , and better understood , what it means to be apart of the organization organization organization .
i love to learn about other cultures . i like to learn their history . i also like to learn about their religions . we all love our families and friends . basically we are all just people of the world .
there were quite a few interesting floats at the parade . one man sang while the fair went on . we ate some cake in celebration of the event . there was lots of music and fun . many people danced and shared various celebrations .
a school bus drove by my broken car today . a police car pulled the bus over because i told it to . my van can not drive anymore because a lunatic hit my car . this damage will cost me an entire paycheck . at least i can still use the trunk to sit in .
the author was so excited to be honored that evening . there were people everywhere talking about his new book . there were even projections of one of his covers . his honoring was a small ceremony . however , everyone had a lot of fun .
hey were going to the dinner theater tonight . wait really ? it 's been awhile since we went there . my girlfriend showed up as well . we all talked about our day . then the show was about to start .
i went bowling on friday night with some old college friends . we had food and drinks . i bowled a strike a few times but mostly just spares . i had a few cases where the ball went into the gutter , but it was still fun . my friend bowled the high score , using his skill he learned in school . we went to the local store afterwords and found some fun toys .
location is the place to be ! the boats take you all over . the buildings are exquisite . here is an enormous spider web . check out the mermaid i got to see . here is a castle . location has so many great sights to see .
we drove through the village to get to the historic inn . the roads outside the village were quiet , green , and damp . eventually we saw a mossy gate and knew we were there . the inn rose majestically behind a big lawn . once we got inside , we settled in for a well-deserved beer .
we went to a classic ambulance auto show . the first one looked like a limo . the next one we saw seemed a bit more modern . that all had different logos . this was my favorite logo . i like the over all look of the one the best .
someone goes to a vacation destination at a beach . they explore the beautiful beach town . they observe many colorful wares for sale by the locals . they even get a taste meat snack for lunch from a vendor . they then drive back to their hotel for the trip .
location is a shell of its former self . where commerce used to exist , now there is an eerie silence . this building used to hold over 200 jobs , but now it sits empty . the city planners have gathered to make a new plan . the meeting went well into the night .
the city is rich with history with plenty of sights to see . it is also modern , however , and has solid infrastructure . there are some quaint houses sprinkled throughout . there are beautifully designed churches . and there are some locals with a `` sick '' sense of humor .
[male] and [female] went to a design gallery where the new designers showcased their latest piece of work . they saw odd looking pieces that they were n't sure what to do with . they saw beautifully crafted chandeliers that looked like the ocean . they also saw paintings that looked like rugs . they even saw old fashioned armchairs that were redecorated .
we were so excited for our trip to location . the landscape was absolutely stunning on the way to the village . we stopped at a local church along the road for a drink . we saw a snake charmer who did a brief show for us . we finished the day riding elephants to our accommodations .
the dj is prepping his tables . now he is testing his mics . looks like his headphones are ready to go . the first act takes the stage . the backup singer sounds great !
a family took a trip to the beach . they set up a tent on the sand and parked their car next to it . they had a family picnic before playing . the children went surf boarding in the ocean . the kids were all fast asleep in the back seat during the drive back home .
about to start skiing with the family . showing off his colorful gear . in her clown outfit . a colorful robin hood skiing . fat bat holding his skis .
the mohel and grandfather discuss the upcoming ceremony . here is the little guy who is the center of the ceremony today . the baby boy involved has no idea what is about to happen . when it is over the appropriate forms are filled out . everyone , except the little guy , get to celebrate with cake .
we decorated the truck with a banner and drove it to the parade . people were all dressed in red , white , and blue and had all sorts of floats ready . one lady even had a red , white , and blue wig ! other people just waved colored pom poms or flags . a few people wore tall flag colored hats , and had balloons and other things to celebrate .
the instruments ready for the concert . the musicians saluting the crowd before they start . the drummer seating behind his drums . the base players rocking the tunes . the head singer feeling the music and singing on stage .
we decided to have our grandparents anniversary celebration at the beach this year . it was great because a lot of the grandchildren were able to make it in . of course the guests of honor were happy to see everyone , even though they did n't show it much . even having the kids gather around them really did n't light them up as much as we had hoped . but they did seem kind of amused when the fireworks cake showed up .
we walked along the dock to see the ocean . first we noticed all the small boats out and about . large birds where flying in all directions . as the sun set we went to a good spot to watch it . we sat there and took in the view . enjoying the end of a great day .
i went on vacation last week . it was beautiful there . i had a great time looking at all the buildings . the local food was delicious . i even got to ride an elephant !
here is a photo of my brothers and i when we were kids . my brother loved to play with his forest exploration toy . here 's my brother [male] , with his pet frog . here i am with my dog and my brothers . we also came across this old photo of my grandpa and his tractor .
they arrived to the station on the 4th of july . then they rode the escalator down to the station . first they came to an advertisement for four wheelers . then they came to an advertisement for location location . finally when they got out of the station , they came to a group of police .
a girl went out to meet some friends at the bar . when she arrived it was very dark inside . the girl asked around to see if anyone had seen her friends . she looked around some more and finally saw her friends laughing together in the corner . two of her friends were even arm wrestling !
here we are at the peaceful protest holding our brightly made signs . there were just a few that did n't want to follow the peaceful rules that were made for this march . the march has started and we are a determined butch . the police are kept busy during the march making sure that it is kept peaceful . it seems that more and more people keep showing up to show there support for this march and enjoy doing so .
the girls were excited to play . they gathered their bags . they did n't know what they were filling them with . but they were running around anyway . but they still got distracted by the tv .
we hit a crowd on are way to the market . the crowd continued all the way to the entrance . once inside we saw some funny thing like this person and their flower mask . he did n't need the mask to sell this gorgeous flowers . we found a less crowded section to take a breather . lots of other weary shoppers at a similar idea .
we had a fun organization organization . [female] made cool sunglass bunny ears for us . there was a lot of dancing throughout the day . they are such a cute couple ! [male] decided to read by himself . we finally got his attention ! lenna is trying to console lenny after she fake punched him and actually landed a punch .
me and my wife went to historic downtown for a day out . we went to the historic district and walked through the neighborhood . the sights were beautiful . many historic monuments and buildings were a sight to see . the beautiful flowing rivers into the city are inspiring . the district is gorgeous and we are hoping one day we can afford to move into a townhouse or flat in the city center .
the easter feast was ready . the fried chicken was done . the macaroni salad looked yummy . the ham looked pink and perfect . and the desert was glazed to perfection .
a storm came rolling in . the tide and wind caused great damage along the shore . the houses sustained much damage . it made vacant spaces much harder to fill . the community put out signs to raise awareness on how to show support in order to rebuild what was lost .
this is the place we 're visiting on the water . the waves generally keep us up at night . but the sunsets make it worth all the noise ! once the sun sets we hit the nearby town to see the light displays . they were so gorgeous we needed to take a picture with them !
brussel sprouts are my specialty . although i can make good past florentine . but my mothers asparagus is the best . all the food was really good . i even used my personal flower as a centerpiece .
on a recent road trip , i discovered a town called location location where they live like it is the 1700 's with horses and wagons and organic crops tended by hand . my favorite part though was seeing the sailing ships they used for transportation and viewing their armory .
going out and being out on the town is fun to do sometimes . the water is so calm and serene at night . everyone is out with the intention of fun with them . good times are happening and we will have fun tonight . a little dancing would not hurt as well .
walking through town they met a gathering of good people . the train offered captivating views . some of the better views from the train were the downtown skyline . the location skyline is large and enticing . he was having a wonderful time in the city .
some friends and i wanted to go to the beach yesterday . to the train we go . the train ride is as boring as you 'd think . and getting off is about as crowded as you think it 'd be . but finally getting to sit down on the sand is all worth it ! not to mention the volleyball . it was a good day .
last sunday we were in town trying to find some breakfast . we eventually found a place that had just opened up for the day . there were already a few customers inside . afterward my family and i went to church . we like going to church .
all the people are gathered around in celebration . [male] doesnt like the celebration and rides his bike away . oh no lots of zombies ! the zombies look hungery . everyone runs away in fear !
i have received so many texts regarding the program for today . everyone is so excited it is being shared across social media . the turnout was larger than we had expected . the performances were stellar . and it was all for a good cause !
for [male] 's thirtieth birthday , his friends and family put on special show at a local venue . first , his older brother told some embarrassing stories about [male] as a kid . then his dad announced that it was time to sing happy birthday . everyone sang along . there were three birthday cakes , so everyone would have enough to eat !
a group from the local church gathered at the warehouse to see a concert . the band was great ! everyone had a lot of fun . the show was winding down and folks started to get ready to leave . outside , they had a conversation about their favorite moments from the concert . they ended with a religious service to thank the lord for their fun , blessed day .
on our way to the beach today . the boys passed out from the long drive . we set up on the beach . food and drinks with the family . we had a lot of fun setting up in the sand . here i am taking a selfie in the sun . afterwards i went surfing in the water . it was a lot of fun .
my grandchildren 's school had an art show where foods made into animals was a category . we made this porcupine out of a watermelon . this was a first place very creative entry . this was an interesting alligator . there was also a contest for drawings which my granddaughter won a prize in !
friends out celebrating . two friends pose together . a happy couple on the dance floor . a full face shot of a friend . the man is very happy to have his picture taken .
an old man is shopping at the market . his friend is coming down the road to come and shop with him . another talking on the phone about some things he saw at the market . another man looking surprised what is going on with all this shopping . and finally , this man decides to sit it out and not do any shopping .
a couple of friends decided to go to the mountains for the summer . we made it a little below the top of the mountain . many beautiful flowers could be seen on the mountain . a couple of friends gathered sticks to make a fire . the other half of the group put the camping tents up while the other group was gathering sticks .
my buds and i went skiing today . that 's me in the red . this creepy guy kept touching himself and grunting when people walked by . he smelled like cheese balls . my friend [male] appeared and asked if he looked sexy like this ? `` or do i look sexy this way ? '' he posed and kept moving directions . just them fat batman and the small jolly green giant walked by and told [male] he was so sexy they could n't bare to even look at him . we all laughed and did some skiing .
went to a concert with friends . got to go backstage and the view from there was really cool . as you can tell we were having a really good time . the excitement is evident on my face . the band even did an encore with awesome smokey light features .
the kids show was on today . he was so excited to see teletubbies he laughed at the whole thing . he was sad when it was over . he cried for his mom after the show was done .
i love to take tours and the new and up coming cars there are so many that are nice the insides are pretty they also have little small cars i love to go because of the drinks .
the city was famous for its night life . a subway trip took revelers to their destination . bright signs on buildings awaited them . the streets were always filled with people . many cafes offered good food and drink .
awaiting our parents who went on a cruise . i 'm very jealous that they left me behind . i saw them on top of the ship , kissing . i saw someone swim from the back , weird . finally my parents arrive to greet us .
we took a long drive up into the mountains to a beautiful park . as evening fell , we decided to pitch a tent and settle in for the night . inside the tent , we told scary stories and ate snacks . in the morning , we realized the scenery was perfect for taking pictures , and dreamed of what it would be like to climb to the very top of the mountain . we took a hike and enjoyed the nearby scenery , like the trees whose leaves were changing color for fall .
after the long hours on the road , we needed gas and something to eat so we pulled into this brightly lit service station . the menu options for meal were almost overwhelming . i decided to order the chicken soup with rice noodles . for dessert and ice cream cone was very refreshing . we nearly forgot the gas after that delicious meal .
i went to the beach yesterday . there were a lot of seals there . after a while i went back to town to do some sightseeing . there were a lot of great statues around the town . i stopped by the store to buy some barrels .
the train finally arrived in the city . it had passed by beautiful countryside to get there . wildlife was abundant in the country . the city was very crowded ! there were people everywhere , doing all sorts of things to entertain tourists .
painted eggs are the next museum exhibit . this blue egg has swirls and is very eye catching . this egg reminds me of outer space for some reason . this golden egg has a royal look . the bright red and abstract strokes make this an unusual specimen .
the couple decided to go to the fair ! the woman was enjoying her food . so was the man . she had a corn dog next . then they sat down in the park to relax .
the family came over for my son 's first birthday . everyone got him some amazing presents and books . he really enjoyed eating his cake with his hands . he finished it all by himself . he was quite pleased with himself .
to spend the day we decided to attend a historic state park in location . when leaving we saw someone having a problem with there car . we then saw an ambulance show up to the scene and began to get concerned . the ambulance brought out a stretcher and loaded someone onto it . the ambulance drove off quickly with it 's sirens on .
the camping trip was a great idea . the mountains were gorgeous . and , the river where we stayed ... was wonderful fishing . we loved to hike into the woods ... especially [female] . that was her favorite activity of the trip . i preferred the fishing in the pond and it was so peaceful .
you could n't miss the hotel due to the large letters on the building . it was located off of the main highway . a prisoner had escaped from prison with his hands till cuffed together . but the people on the beach were completely unaware of this news . they were too busy enjoying the sounds of nature and birds singing .
the concert started with a video , it went on throughout the concert , the music blared all around the room . then they turned the lights down , and started the real show .
a visitor came to a church to visually document its appearance . in addition to the exterior wall , photos were taken of the stained glass windows . the altar arrangement was documented . photos were taken of the ornate ceiling . the type of arches within the church were photographed as well .
we arrived at the party . [male] was up to his goofy self dressed in a green screen suit . [male] and his new girlfriend jokes around . we all sat around drinking and chatting . as the night went on , some got too tipsy and passed out on the floor .
she placed the no dog sign in the yard . it was time for a treat . from inside , she could see the old domino sugars sign lit up against the dark sky . a hot cup of tea should do the trick . they both felt great the next day .
i decided to go to the park with my friend . we walked on the slippery rocks . and enjoyed the views . but we had to make sure not to step on any glass ! we followed the train tracks home .
it 's a late night and there 's a party going on in this building . the dj is spinning tracks and does n't care what people think about the music . two girls and having a good time and decided to take a picture . two guys and this girl are also enjoying themselves and they took a picture . a girl was feeling the music and decided to show some of her moves .
my friend and i were going to a small gathering together , we decided to meet at the warehouse . as we walked in to the event , you can see small band and performing on stage . guests were welcome to have some refreshment at the snack bar . the event was hosted inside this white tall building . the name of the building is the `` little church '' .
[female] valentine went to location on vacation . she visited an amazing mansion . the mansion had artwork on the ceiling and wherever she walked she looked up . she loved the doors and the archways . she wanted to buy the mansion , but could n't afford it . she walked into a wing of the mansion that had very interesting details . she noticed it looked like hangers hanging from the ceiling . she did n't like that so she quickly went outside . she noticed a small lawn with a funny shape . she had heard that the shape was associated with an underground group . she quickly went back inside packed her things and got the first flight out .
the building was brown and people were swimming nearby . there was a big harbor with homes on it where people could kayak .
the man and his wife are touring the city . the man wants to know if he looks good in the shirt . they decide to walk along the river . there are many different statues to look at . at the end of the day they sit down and have dinner with their daughter .
we took a pilgrimage tour with the family . i got a little souvenir hat for my son to wear . we visited the coastline where the mayflower first landed . got to one of the cottages and it had decorative fabrics . i still dream of that tour , it was quite an eye opener into the history of our country .
the home was decorated very simplistically . the tent was open and spacious . there were many children learning in the small room . we were teaching the little ones how to read . my children were very happy and celebrated the event .
i had to post some of these amazing photos from vacation i love this photo of the rocks out in the ocean we spent this day walking the beach looking for shells there are some amazing view of the beautiful water this is one of my favorites on the last day visiting
mom made such a beautiful cake with lots of decorations . but the girls tore into it . it must have been yummy . aww yeah ! today 's [female] 's birthday . smile ! the cake gave her a blue tongue . later , there were presents . and afterwards , we made a bomb out of diet coke and mentos ! it was a spectacular day !
today is the first day that i 'm driving since the accident . it was a rainy day just like this . my therapist said the only way to get through is to confront my fears . it was n't before long i swerved into a rock that was on the road . the rock gave me a flat and i had to call it in . the rain makes it dangerous for any driver , my journey put me at ease .
it as obvious that the man was disappointed in the small stack of gifts people had brought for his birthday . he tried to be polite as he read the card one friend has gave him . the first gift he opened he did n't even know what it was . the next gift he did n't even take out of the box . the last he thing he received were some flowers which he did n't understand at all .
everything was ready for the 4th of july . they all had some beer to keep cool . then they made a shooting range out in the yard . after that , they all took turns shooting at the bottles . when the sun went down , it was time to start lighting the fireworks .
the frist day of the event . they start to travel into the jungle the travelers see how amazing the sights can be . here is an wall covered in vines its been there since 1949 the brave young girls get ready to set off on their journey through the woods a woman laughs as she takes a look into the wilderness
it was a sad day , they were morning the death of a child . the parents cried and prayed asking why they took away their child . they made a keepsake box of things that were personal to her . they looked over pictures to remember her face . they listened to the sermon and then left in silence .
after dinner we talked and we decided to go bowling . bowling was very fun . we were both not very good at it . then all of a sudden then turned on these crazy bowling lights . that made it impossible for us to bowl properly after that . at the end we had bowled well enough that i received a stuffed pokemon for my performance .
i finished my shift at the pharmacy cash register in the early afternoon . so i headed to the beach which had a pretty good crowd near the water . i was elated at the choice i had made . i saw a lighthouse in the distance and decided to hike closer to admire the setting . as i reached the small inlet near the lighthouse , i could see the ideal access that the lighthouse had to the open sea . it was a very nice afternoon .
their neighborhood had a house that loved to decorate for christmas . this year the owners decided to enter a contest . the contest had a grand prize for the best decorated house . they went all out and decorated everything they could see . the house ended up winning because of every little detail that was put into it .
my wife wanted to take the family to a camping site , and so we did ! along our hike , we found what appears to be a dead bird . we stopped by the beautiful bushes that we passed along the way . there was a lemon orchard that the kids wanted to see . we drove home on a narrow road with a remarkable amount of traffic .
we went on vacation to a lovely beach town . the town was bustling , with plenty of people . even the old man was having a blast ! we visited a plethora of beaches . we even went on a boat !
yarn comes in many different colours that help people be very creative with their creations . my grandmother knits frequently and for the longest time she was the only person i knew who did this in my family . when i went to college , i met a nice girl who knitted to relieve stress and make a little extra money on the side by making things for people . i thought that was really cool and tried to learn to knit myself but i am super uncoordinated and didnt have the patience to keep it up . i am always intrigued when i see yarn balls because there is mystery locked within them to what will com from them from talented people .
i went on vacation last weekend . the city was beautiful . there was a rainbow over the city the entire time i was there . it was amazing . on the last day it disappeared .
first we parked in the new area . in our first ship we found a unique antique . near the restaurant we found more neon lights . the city and subway were well lit . we saw several pieces of art around the city .
we took our family to the beach today . the beach was blocked off and that limited the places we were able to go . she was picking up a shell in the sand . our youngest baby enjoyed herself . we ended up going on the rides .
[male] moved to a new state and got an apartment with a great view of the city . from his window he could see the tower in the distance . at night he could sit on his deck and enjoy the air . he had friends over to celebrate his new abode . he even got to try using the local smoking paraphernalia .
it 's christmas time and the stockings are up . we have received a lot of cards from family and friends mom is watching tv after cooking a lot of food and hosting a party . she does not want to deal with the pile of dishes . after everyone has left , the little girl plays tea party by herself .
the white sedan passed by on the narrow , semi-rural road past the roadblocks . traffic got a little heavier as we passed the strip mall . a couple lanes were blocked by roadblocks and we wondered if we should have taken the bus . i stopped to look for the sign for the medical center . i see the sign for the medical center and got there with plenty of time to get to my appointment .
local art museum to host children 's art , artwork done by 5th grader that reminded her of spring . 8th grade student created sculptures to capture winter 's ice . 12th grade student converted moms van into a shaded oasis and a great view of hills . 10th grader who was amazed by organisms in the body , drew this for health class .
its the evening , and i`m passing an advertisement for a train . this looks like a real train town . there are trains everywhere ready to go . i am passing a carnival ferris wheel , they are so much fun . in the morning when the trains are running , i will take a ride through the town .
the tea would be served on a gold tray , in gold cups . in the middle of the table there was a brass incense burner . there was also hand carved ornaments at each place setting . one dish was covered in a hand embroidered covering . a bowl had an extremely intricate , hand embroidered covering , which appeared to be like a swaddling .
a fake war happened in my neighborhood today . some of my friends dressed up as beasts . there was a whole clan of beasts together . they were bloody even before the battle began . they all had pitchforks that could kill a person .
every time he got in the car he was worried that they may be headed for the vet . his human parked the car and they crossed the street . he could smell the water as soon as they made it to the other side . they played on the sand all day long . at the end both the dog and his human were exhausted after all the fun .
[male] and dan were going to the capitol building for fireworks . they enjoyed board games as they wait for nightfall many others gathered around waiting for the fireworks [male] taking a selfie as they wait for the night to come the night falls and the crowd is eager for the fireworks
please meet [female] . she is a happy little girl . daddy took [female] swimming . she loves swimming so she kicked back and relaxed . once home , mommy read her a book . all the activity of the day made her ready for nap time .
we arrived for the big bike race very early in the morning . i had bought a new bike for the race . i did n't tell my wife how much it cost . the race was challenging . the route was gorgeous , though . i realized a little bit from the finish line that i was going to win . the moment of getting my trophy was truly one of the best moments of my life .
we made a trip out to visit the location location bridge in location location . our friends from back home also came along with us on the trip . we had drinks on the beach . and played football and catch as well . everyone had a good time at the beach that day .
this grand church is a monument to the city . the inside is historic and rich . what a spectacle ! the baptismal fountain has seen many a new [male] child . the stained glass windows are full of color and grace . as the choir sings , the congregation joins in with song .
it took about 30 minutes to get the hot air balloon ready . we filled the balloon and got ready for our first trip together . as the balloon took off i could see mom waving down below . as we got higher we noticed the neighbors got their balloon up and flying too . i love this neighborhood !
the ground covered in at least 3 inches of snow . the gazebo by the lake . two birds scavenging for food . the beautiful view of a winter wonderland . a covered yacht and a city view in the background .
day at the beach with his girlfriend . boyfriend and girlfriend taking a picture together having a good time at the beach . red flags are out , they ca n't go swimming the waves are too strong . the waves were really strong , could be perfect for surfers tough . watching the sunset together .
i had a great time at the lodge last week . there was a small town nearby . they had a museum but it was only one room . it was very quiet out there . some of the architecture was beautiful .
it was just another day outsider of the gamble plantation . a traffic accident accured unexpectedly . fire trucks and an ambulance made it on the scene very fast . they took care of the injured pedestrian . the pedestrian was rushed to a local hospital .
our project began in a far-off , inaccessible but very beautiful locale . i gathered with other volunteers to use nearby loose rocks to rebuild and fortify existing roads and structures . rocks were brought in by backhoe and truck for our use . that 's me in the middle as we began our work with the rocks . there will be an inscription on that rock describing our mission and from there , the entire valley can be seen .
you was beautiful do we decided to make the best of it . we went the same ones to have that idea . we did n't know there was a celebration going on that included material arts demonstrations . this guy used the ribbons like done act out of location du soleil . i 'm glad r device to make the most of the nice weather .
the islands offer a simple live . the wildlife is friendly . the local beer is the best . the boat looks like a picture on the beach . it is a relaxing way of life at the beach .
today , we went to a concert for my friend 's band . for the first part , they decided to stand on their guitars . soon , they started really playing . we were all really impressed . needless to say , the concert was exciting .
the weather was shaping up to be perfect for surfer school . the guys first practiced on the sand . the water was colder than they expected . the rainbow made us feel as if was going to be a good day . he finally had success .
the family got together for the wedding . they all huddled close for a family shot . they enjoyed each other 's company . the bride looked lovely . the groom and the bride 's families were both proud .
[female] la chola is chilling on some boxes . she then peaks outside to see if her homegirls are around . not being able to find her homegirls she sits down . a huge cat comes and gets all up in location face . [female] then starts chilling with the cat .
christmas eve and the kids can hardly wait . the kids began to make gingerbread houses . the parents helped in the construction . everything was festive for the big day . we left for the village square for one last visit this year with location .
it was the annual location parade . a group of good friends decided to participate this year . they marched down the street leading a huge line of eclectic people . there was even a woman in a peacock looking costume . it was so much fun they had to continue the party at home .
the dinner party was great . we invited the entire family we had some newborns with us . we toasted a fine dinner . afterward we had a beautiful cake .
i could n't wait for the sun to go down so we could watch the fireworks show . once the sun went down the show started . i was amazed at how beautiful it looked across the water . i did n't want it to end . but when the end came i was astonished .
for this event she chose the perfect dress . these two young men came very underdressed considering the way others were dressed . this woman came to this award event completely ready . these young british men are dressed dapper and neat . it looks like he snagged himself an award .
today my husband and i visited the ruins at location . we made sure to pack plenty of sunscreen because we were both fair skinned . we saw several historic monuments . the ruins were fascinating . for lunch , we enjoyed fresh seafood at the shore .
my grandparents church picture in 1992 . they are so cute . my grandpa at the library . my grandparents at their anniversary dinner . my grandparents again . [female] i meet someone and am married as long as them . we took them on a much needed vacation to the mountains . they loved it .
the ferris wheel shone bright over the water . [male] and [female] kissed in front of it , and a stranger snapped their picture . they looked out across the lake , feeling happy and content . they had a big day exploring and were ready to get home . so off they went towards their hotel .
my little niece came to visit last week . her mom was looking good as she always does . i had a blast playing ball with her . when we put her in the indoor swing she became very excited . the road was gloomy as they headed back home .
our trip to location included a side visit to an awesome little town . there were many old buildings , and some staircases that led to nowhere . we went into a church that had the most elaborate altar . we had lunch in a really cool little pub in town . after lunch we explored a church that was built over 200 years ago .
we gathered at the table to enjoy a large family style meal . my drink is cool and refreshing . we get to enjoy some treats from location location . there are quite a few ice cream flavor 's to choose from . we all get to sample some ice cream .
after a stressful week the couple decided to get away . they hiked up and saw a wonderful view of the city . the other direction was a view of mountains . they wanted to go farther into the woods but did not want to get lost . they found an out of the way stream to enjoy .
having the family over for christmas was great . even the dog got a stocking . we got some quality family photos . people came i have n't seen in years . the kids had a blast .
today we got engaged . i got a large diamond ring . we are so happy together . while walking , we came across some bamboo trees . we sat and watched the sunset together . it was so beautiful . the next day we walked through the forest and came across so many bamboo trees .
me and my brother christmas morning ! even the dog got a stocking ! dad was n't ready for the day ! dressed for pictures after breakfast . grandma and grandpa visited !
family portrait before the baptism mom , grandmother and aunt eating breakfast . salami sandwich and a strawberry for breakfast . cousins and uncle taking a picture together . cousin singing .
today we celebrated dad 's birthday . he got all kinds of gifts for his birthday . he loves getting t-shirts that are dark blue . he received birthday cards as well . after all the gifts were opened , everyone had cake .
the only thing the audience could see was the blue lights of the band . this concert goer used his cell phone to light the way . the band was notorious for great harmony . they had a new guitarist and he wore a mask over his head . the band brought the house down with their last song .
the family gathered to support my husband and son . they participated in the city 4th of july parade . my son and husband decorated a tractor full of american memorabilia . a few balloons were also use to decorate the tractor . we had a lot of water to stay hydrated during the parade . the family was proud to watch the tractor my son and husband built pass by in the parade .
lots of good food at the event , the cake was beautiful and the fruits were a nice healthy touch . all the dishes were clean , and the tables were ready to receive guests .
i went to watch a dog sled race . my friend entered his dogs and sled . his dog love to race and pull the sled . the other dog teams were not as fast . their owners we not happy to lose to my friends team .
i had a great time at the church . there were many beautiful windows . it was a small building . the church was great . everything was very old .
we arrived at the hot dog restaurant . we anxiously awaited for our hot dogs . the youngest of us was nervous about trying the food . once we saw the hot dog sign , we all started to get hungry . my sister had to use a pacifier to keep her hunger in check .
from these buildings you can see the firework display . the colors are magnificent and reach over the buildings . when taking pictures of you have a slower shutter and fast aperture you can get a picture full of colors . fireworks keep going long into the night in some cities . the fireworks are sent up all over the city in honor of the fourth of july .
this is my dad , he is on the way to the location . medical center he needs to exchange this medical device because it broke . here he is , about to arrive . he has a handicap tag . thank goodness for that , he would never be able to find a spot without one ! he finally returns home . he said everything worked out good and the replacement will be here in a week !
we went to the local parade to day and saw all the cool floats . this giant globe definitely caught my eye . my uncles was a part of this one on the rollerskates ! dont fall ! these nymphs were adorable . these giant peacocks were my favorite of the parade . loved this one .
the family took a vacation at the beach . there were tall buildings by the water . there were ducks sitting in the sand . a long branch was sticking out from the rocks . the landscape was beautiful and there were lots of trees .
these are the announcers for the local parade . everyone is gathered for last minute instructions before the parade begins . the marching band is going to lead the parade so everyone lines up behind them . the flag team is next . everyone quiets down as the marching band starts the parade off . the officials are happy because the parade is going off without a hitch .
it was about time we treated ourselves to a nice dinner the menu was n't large , although it offered some classy options the lighting was ideal , and the food looked great . the presentation of food was typical fancy restaurant style where there was more plate than food and last of all , we tried a new kind of dessert
i went on vacation last year . i brought my entire family with us . we took a lot of pictures of the giant waterfall . it was very cold there . we stayed at a nearby hotel .
this is a parade . these people are watching the parade from their apartments . busses full of people came to see the parade . this bus was actually in the parade . all types of people enjoyed and participated in the parade .
the couple went on a day trip . they decided to go to the tower . they first went up the long flight of stairs . they got to the top , and could see out . the found on the walls all sorts of writing .
i love to see and photograph fireworks . there are so many different kinds with different lights . i have to photograph every one i see . all of the different designs are so pretty . the way they light up the night sky makes me so inspired !
[male] took his first trip to the coast . it started with a bird pooping on his head . after this he headed out to the rock . he found small pools of weird animals . after the hike he met a random dude and had drinks .
our cat simba was a little upset he could not go to the fair with us . w got there early and changed our kid in the back . this was the sign that really let us know we were there . my wife trying something fried , still not sure what it was . my brother got some kind of fried treat and really enjoyed it .
the weather was perfect for the first day of our vacation . we sat on the shore and watched the sailboats for a whle . we moved farther down the shoreline , taking in the gorgeous views . we stopped at a local museum to learn about the the history of the area . we chose a shady spot to for a picnic lunch outdoors . we went back to our hotel in town at the end of the day .
man out taking a picture next to the water where a duck is swimming the duck is walking in the water . a sign of a place as a amazing art . then a boat in a water before take off a picture of the front of the boat is taken .
to celebrate chinese new year , there was a street fair with many vendors selling items . you could purchase orchids of many colors . many types of incenses could be purchased . along with hanging pillow decorations food and music was also available at the fair .
there were a lot of police out that day . many protesters lined the streets . more and more started to come . some wrote some crazy things on their cars . some of the writings were scary .
the guys decided to unwind with a friendly game of beer pong . they all wanted to relax after a long day of skiing . dinner was finally ready after one short game of beer pong . after dinner they played video games together . they ended the night with a few more drinks .
there were a lot of people auditioning for the band . some people had some great talent . other 's were not so good . the auditions took all day . the judges looked very tired and disappointed at the end of the day .
the band is playing for the president . food is layed out . the president makes a speech . people clap after the speech . these people were glad to see the president .
sitting at an amazing spot on the beach and i am reading a book . i can see mom making friends with other mothers with little kids , life guards were posted every where to ensure our safety . the pelicans and seagulls came out when the kids threw stale bread . to finish off the night we headed to our motel room to freshen up for dinner .
[female] was worried that the spy would follow her off of the train . when she stepped out onto the platform , she saw a man looking her way , but was unsure if it was him . she turned in walked the opposite direction , hurrying to leave . as she she left the station , she trudged to the snow to her home to hide . she hid for the entire winter , until the snow melted away to water .
we had to stop at the grocery store . we had bought some cupcakes . we went to a game and waited to leave until the stadium was almost empty . my husband went straight to lay down after the game . i changed then cuddled next to him .
the concert venue was not well lit . the guitarists played in a red spotlight . they sung together on one mic . one band member had a crazy and scary mask on . the concert was lit with blue spotlights and it got hype .
i enjoyed a summer vacation on the bay . there were cute little houses along the bay . this building was adorable . i enjoyed walking in the woods every morning . the marina was another fun place to visit and i liked to sit at a cafe that served the best coffee .
what a great party we had last night . we had several pretty girls there . there was even someone that provided free live music . maybe we did drink a little too much , but we had a great time . i am glad there were photos since i really do not remember what really happened .
many of my friend and family ate at the table . some of the guests brought masks and took pictures . there was an awesome and engaging sign on the door . in the venue , there was plenty of food and help . the music was entertaining and it was really fun .
there was a local parade for dole and his campaign for mayor . the parade was very colorful and funny . dole was actually at the parade and greeted the town . dole was very nice and shook everyone 's hand . former president bush was there as well . he is a big dole supporter .
my stamp collection has grown over the years . this one here is one of my favorites . this one is the oldest that i have . i like this particular stamp because of the elegant and almost sad look of the woman 's face . this is the stamp that came out the following year .
i went for a walk on the boardwalk . people in the area were very open about marijuana use and i was shocked . when the sun began to set , many people started to hoola hoop . i decided to get a henna tattoo at a local shop . i also bought a bikini from the local shop so i could have it for the next time i went to the beach .
[female] was born in 1912 . she was named after the girl from `` the wizard of oz '' she was a much beloved child . many pictures were taken of her by her family . she grew to be a sweet and very clever child . her parents adored her . in later years , she had a large family of her own .
going to the organization parade was a very interesting experience . there were all kinds of cool things to see . some people even waved beautiful flags . dancers were there as well . this was a very memorable experience .
the family this year finally decided to take a trip to organization 's location adventure ! we had never been to location before , and thought it would be a great opportunity to visit location and this unique park . the paradise pier area was a family favorite . the weather was fantastic and there were so many amazing sites to see . we especially loved the dining , various stores and areas to shop around throughout organization . we all left with many souvenirs . it was a fantastic trip none of us will forget .
the annual jeep club bbq was a busy day . it was good to see everyone after a whole year ! here are our babies lined up in a row . [male] at the bbq as head chef . here 's our 2015 club photo .
on our vacation we got to see many large bodies of water . the brick structure was massive and torn down . this part of the brick structure was still up and could be accessed . we got to see the remains of an old arena . our cat was amused by the entire trip and really enjoyed it .
it 's christmas day and i 've got everything laid on and ready for the family.just how cool is my tree this year ? i 've even gone with a traditional scottish tartan tablecloth to celebrate our heritage . that should please dad . and the family is all here . mum , dad , me and my sister , all cozy on the couch . time to unwrap the presents . dad will never guess what this is . wow , someone bought me something really large . i 'm not sure about the toy boat though . maybe i 'll put it in the bathroom .
the family arrived at their hotel . `` and best of all , '' said the dad `` there is a roller coaster in our hotel '' the kids cheered and ran off to ride it . they yelled and screamed the whole way . and when they saw the big monster at the end , they screamed and hid .
the sunset casted a beautiful light over the town . the next day the cat started acting strange . even the fields was more empty than usual . we went to the stadium and surprisingly we were all alone . we were all alone in the town , everyone disappeared .
the cult is performing some sort of ritual today . they are even getting the poor kids involved . the small kids are in the middle and they are surrounding them . what are they doing to the kids ? someone needs to get them away from these crazy people . i think the one in the black is the leader . i heard her chanting ... she is flipping nuts !
the run was taking place in a location park , the members of the run noted the sign about the aligators but did n't think much about it . everyone assembled for the start of the race . 23 minutes in and people were started to get tired . [female] , who was supposed to run the race , had broke her ankle last week . [male] carried her across the finish line . he looked at his feet later that night and noticed they had swollen to twice their size !
calculus is always a challenge . when i attended college , our math hall was located in a 125 year old building this is the top of our science lab which includes a giant telescope ! at night . the gates are closed off to the general public . sculptures are found throughout the campus .
i went to a veteran 's day parade with my grand children . paratroopers jumped from a plane and landed right in the street . this marine was highly decorated . that is my grandson looking into the camera . my granddaughter is holding a `` thank you ! '' sign for the veterans .
he woke up extra early that morning , for his first day of his new job . he was very nervous , but could n't manage to wake up on his own . he had a few coffees on his way out . he had dressed his best , but the coffee had kept him jittery . at his desk , he found that he had a lot of paperwork to fill out just for his first day . what a pain .
we celebrated [male] 's first birthday last week . we had a big birthday cake for him . balloons were decorated all over the place . grandfather and [male] had a good time playing . at the end of the party [male] got to eat his cake .
the backroom was reserved for us . we had already been drinking before we got there . as you can see , some of us had more to drink than others . not exactly sure what he was doing with vaseline at the party . omg ! did he do what we think he did ... hahaha . she was the first one to pass out . time to paint her face..or not . i 'm not telling !
meg and her dog took a day off . they played frisbee on the beach . the dog went exploring . then they went for a run . later , it was frisbee time again !
the trip featured some great geological features ! even along the hiking trails , lots of neat sights could be found . some wild berries were growing around the trail . finally , the destination was reached ! soon after , it was time to head home .
this is a photo of the penguins on the beach . then we saw some of the beautiful garden plants . here is some of the wildlife . what beautiful rock formations . the sunsets are to die for .
in location the country is lit up at night . the lights are reflected in the water . a japanese man is making something . this is a japanese cottage . the people are eating around a big table .
friends gathered today at the house . they got cozy near the fireplace . we played board games and had fun . later , one of the friends helped clean the dishes . lastly , the night ended successfully .
the family gathered to celebrate the 4th of july . we made dinner and built a gun firing range . my husband showed his rifle gun accuracy . one of our family members brought a flame thrower . during the night , we watched the fireworks from our backyard .
people out walking with a sign in a parade . a man is playing a instrument while walking down . another man is walking down holding the flag . then some people are doing sparks fireworks . other people are making designs with their fireworks .
[male] loved traveling the world . here he is at a beach in location location enjoying the breeze from the water . here he is at the location mountains . he visits his sister out there frequently . she loves for him to come and visit . here is [male] at wild wood . he is having a great time at location location . he enjoys taking time off of work to go there and relax . he also likes to visit the desert lands every once in awhile , when it is hot enough . at the end of every vacation [male] likes to go to the chapel for prayer and thanks god for the ability and finances to travel around the world .
today we took the new bike for a long ride we drove for miles and miles passed this cute young lady on the way drove by this awesome . a frame house . and finally ended up at the clock tower destination
what a sweet old truck . jethro loves driving his old organization . she runs like a kitten still , even down these old dirt roads . me and jethro posing for a break . wow , what house that is .
this man was carrying his flag in pride . the guy with the flag was now mixed in with the rest of the runners . this guy is saying come and get it ! everyone was putting their all into the race . the finish was near but who was going to cross the finish first
during the day , tour groups explored the city . they saw the ferris wheel at dusk . and the large square of screens at night . after it all , they toasted with drinks . finally , they decided to eat dinner .
the house was decorated for the holiday party . sometimes presents come `` assembly required . '' i think my friend mistook the lamp for a popsicle . luckily , there was real food to eat . it was great to spend time together .
sniper [male] is driving to keep a doctor 's appointment . he has encountered road construction that delays him for a while . nevertheless , he persists and makes his way past the road construction . the days of his heroism for his country are long past , but he stills loves his country . he arrives at the v. a . center where a grateful country repays him in part for the sacrifices he has made .
they went on vacation to visit the ancient ruins . they walked along the path where the people used to walk . they took pictures of the trees are common in that area . they took pictures of the intricate designs of the building . they took distant pictures of the buildings where the ancient civilization lived .
my friend and i love to travel . we 've been to most of the countries in location . we 've visited both coasts in the states . i like to bring home souvenirs from places i visit . sometimes i have to sell things to make money for these trips .
in spain , what a beautiful country with beautiful scenery . headed to eat in a nice restaurant . this restaurant is great , the best lobster in town . here we are waiting to eat . now we 'll enjoy the beach .
this man drinks up before getting started in his day of selling utility kilts . time to get the kilts on the racks . some happy customers pose together in their new kilts . a first time kilt buyer tries on several before he decides on this one . many people came by for the sale before the day was over .
this was an old house that was out on a hill near our village . this is the old style address plate on the front of it . there were carvings that were on the outside that had been there for many years . this is a picture of the back of the house . this was on top of the chimney , and it was very impressive .
we went to see all the damage from the storm . many trees were down and many cars were damaged . we do n't know what happened here , but hopefully no one was hurt . the local news was on the scene as well . we made it to city hall to see what , if anything , we could do to help .
leaving the big city behind to visit family back home . i have really missed these buildings ! this is just too similar to where we 're living now . sharing pictures of the chaos of moving to the states . my family , what a wonderful time we had visiting them .
sitting in front of the box of peeps , i knew i could n't resist . i got one out and opened the bag . took just a small bite to start . the inside is so delicious but i knew i could only have one . so i looked at the box one last time and walked away .
there were a lot of bikes at the race . i took one to race with . i made sure it was very clean . it was about time to race . i lined my bike up with the others and waited .
there favorite beer . making a home made shooting range . practicing and firing shots . fire exploding in the backyard . the firework show is starting .
[male] takes his cat time seriously and decided [female] needed some petting . [female] later opted to take a nap while the party raged . [female] in full party mode attempted to have a conversation with the lamp shade . [female] continued the trend but seemed to disagree with everything the lamp said . all in all everybody had a great end of semester party hanging out and toasting the end of the school year .
today was the day that i had my family come over and where i used my mom 's recipe for all my dishes . we started off with this one as the main dish . this was the salad to the main dish . i was nervous but it really looks nice and i was pleased with the outcome . then lastly , i made the dessert that i knew everyone liked that mom used to make . then i had everyone sit at the table to get a picture and to serve them dinner . everyone loved it ! then i went into the kitchen and saw the mess that i forgot was there . it only took 35 minutes to clean up and it was so worth it !
we were nervous to go on our first vacation . the hotel looked nicer in the pictures . however , the inside was a lot better . our beds were decently made . however , we ended up spending most of our time at the pool .
i had stayed a few days in my hotel room . i visited the beach today to pass the time . when the sun was setting , i went back to my room . i found that the sunset made the beach look beautiful . it 's a new day ; i wonder where i 'll go to next ?
i took speeding cousin lamprey to her first horse show today . here she is without her number on . first on the stage was some tough competition , gold farm . lucky strike of location location did not do quite as well . then it was my turn . i do n't think i 'll win , but it was fun .
we are having a trip to the desert today . many of our classmates are going . there are lots of natives hanging around , they are very friendly . i got to ride a camel for the first time . as well as horses , it was a fun day .
last night we were at home minding our own business . i had just finished making some food to eat when we heard a loud noise . there were fireworks going off our building ! they went on for about five minutes ! it was a surprising event !
this is the view from our hotel room . is n't this town adorable ? some children 's art at the local museum . some really neat bottles in our lobby . people hanging out at the museum . more children 's art .
family first time in amusement park . nice food to eat by the park after long walk scary ride on the sky wheel we won a stuff toy from this game store walking by the food stands and restaurant .
it 's richards 75th birthday . he wore a crown the whole day . his daughters loved to tease him , and they wore `` groucho marx glasses '' the rest of the party goers thought that was hilarious so they all wore the glasses with noses too . [male] laughed and laughed because he wore glasses , had a big nose and mustache .
recently my uncle visited a beach . it had mountains on it and sand . the tides was beautiful , and peaceful . there was a whole bunch of rocks big ones little ones and they were so beautiful . there even was a house on the beach , which was also kinda interesting .
today i made signs for the marijuana rally . in favor of lighting up those joints in public , yes we are ! we went to a local tattoo shop and tattooed our love of marijuana all over ourselves . we then went to a store and bought a lot of candy and pizza . lots of people were photographing us dancing naked in the fields all hopped up on marijuana and sugar .
a couple took a vacation to location . the couple was very pleased with the weather during their trip . they were amazed at how gorgeous the city view was . they loved all the palm trees around the city . at night , they decided to visit location location to get some dinner and drinks .
here is the swing set in our yard . the cups are on the table along with drinks . the food is starting to come out now . the ham looks so good . here are some more delicious food that are on the table .
after a long week at work it was time to have some fun . we went to a place that has games for adults . i played this game a lot and won some pretty neat prizes . i had never played this game before , but it looked interesting . i got beat at this game every time i played it .
the trip to location was very fun . they saw a koala bear eating . there was a beautiful waterfall . some of the exotic birds were birds they had never seen before . they were happy to have gone on the long walk while they were on vacation .
the biking group gathered on a sunny day . there were a variety of bikes . even some ride tandem . the racers were way ahead . the casual riders were just riding for enjoyment .
we went on vacation last weekend . we spent a lot of time at the beach even though it was very cloudy most of the time . there were a lot of cool buildings in town full of unique shops . they had a strange structure in one of their parks . it was a great vacation .
a small town holds a parade to celebrate the anniversary of it 's founding . even this little goat is happy to be a part of the parade . some chinese dragons walk through town during the parade . you may even see old military vehicles drive through ! happy 150th birthday to this town !
after hiking for a few hours i went back into the city . there was nobody out on the streets when i got there . some of the fountains were still working . the city was flooded in some areas . i decided to head back home .
today my family and i went to a organization organization game . we posed for pictures . i was amazed at how big the stands were . the players began to warm up . game time .
people gathering together to go bike riding . the kids are ready and exited to ride . a father and his kids are enjoying the beautiful day . some kids are riding a float made of a boat . a small parade is moving along down the street .
this was the family dog he just sat around the house being lazy and this was his girlfriend daisy the food was excellent and the fireworks were amazing
i had the privilege to go on a european vacation . while i was there i wanted to take tours of the great cathedrals . they had always fascinated me as a child . all the intricate work and designs all made by hand . needless to say i had a very wonderful vacation .
all the family and some friends gather around for a quick photo . this awesome rv had seen many miles in it 's day . a few of the relatives enjoy lunch under the canopy . at night , one of the other rvs is all lit up . this family sure looks like they had a great time .
we headed down to the rodeo to see what was going on with the fair . we ended up catching a young country band , that was n't half bad . later we wandered to see a few bike races . was a little boring until the acrobatics started up . some of the bike riders did amazing in the air stunts ! we ended the evening with a ride on the organization organization . what a great evening .
my son wanted to go out to the farmer 's market today . i took him to get a wristband first . there were a lot of neat things to look at at the market . the dj played a song about fruits and vegetables . my son had fun at the market and wants to go again .
me and my husband just brought a new house we now get to have some great cook outs everyone comes over including our parents the most important part is we get to have pool partys for the kids
we went down to the amusement parks by the ocean . we walked down all the boardwalks . then we looked out into the water . after that we rode the large ferris wheel . we ended the day by riding a scary roller coaster .
we took a mini boat to visit location today . the place looked very oriental . there were chinese words that were present that i definitely did not understand . there was also a sign that said there was no alcohol allowed . night time came , and location was lit in lights .
having fun with signs at the park stopped for a delicious treat ! bright lights shine after sunset . quick pick me up sleepy but still having a blast !
the food set up was pretty awesome . the walls had maps of the local area marked on them . the people spoke on there current position . then we all ate a bit . all in all it was a productive day .
the start of the wine tasting tour . the winery was built on nice rolling hills . the grapes were grown in long lines . inside , there were barrels and barrels full of wine . at the end of the tour , we got to do tons of tasting for the different vintages .
during our trip , we toured a historic estate with vast gardens . there were classically inspired statues everywhere on the property . i was impressed by the huge female sphinx in front of the mansion . my friend loved the building with its impressive roof line and tower . we even toured the wine cellars on the property .
visited a temple today . i 've never seen one in person before . the walkway up to the temple . very calm and peaceful . notes people have left for the monks . more notes , but these are prayers that they hope will be answered . a dragon the guards the temple . it was a once in a lifetime trip .
the auditorium was packed for the ceremony that night . we were seated amongst some of our friends . a buffet was set up on one end of the room . the food was great . everyon had a great time !
today was the day . everyone was there . including us ! we ate lots of food . and danced too !
[male] took us on a cruise . imagine being in paradise for a couple days . the water makes me feel so free . rafting can be a great way to bond with people . our son had a good time squishing the sand between his toes .
it does n't matter what the occasion ... when a politician speaks , someone is going to struggle to stay awake . that does n't make what is said during the speeches any less important , however . it 's just that some people are just not as engaging as others . because any group of people , for any purpose , is still made of individuals .
we live withing walking distance of a theme park . there are railroad tracks by the path we take to get to the park . across the river from the path you an see the roller coasters . it takes about 30 minutes to walk from our house to the theme park . when you get to the theme park entrance you see the flag waving .
the town 's 150th birthday celebration . even the dogs were helping to celebrate . lots of different ethnicity 's were represented . the town sheriff showing off his new toy . balloons to mark the 150th birthday celebration of the town .
the bus ride was a long one . the views from the bus were amazing . the town was beautiful . the museum is beautiful . plenty of history is in there . i am waiting for the next train to come . finally , i can rest on the train .
this was the first city we saw on our school trip to location . the tower is from the 12th century . [male] posed in the tower . there was a chapel on the first floor . we had lunch at the local creperie . we saw a cathedral afterward . very impressive .
meet [male] . meet [male] . they both live in this beautiful city you see before you . they have a special hang out where they go their friends to unravel and have good vibes . illuminated by the lights you can tell this city means everything to [male] and [male] .
the military got together . they were waiting for awrds . everyone listened to a speach . many army guyscame . the woman were there too .
they arrived at the beach where they were staying . the house they rented for the weekend was beautiful . there was a nice view of the beach . the kids decided to go sit on the pier . they watched the waves in the crystal blue water .
guarding the package so mom can open it . what can it be , what can it be ? opening the present i 'm so excited . a brand new i pad , just what i wanted . checking out my new i pad online .
i saw a chinese lion yesterday . it was almost as colorful as my umbrella . i also bought some statues . i finished the day by visiting fields of pink and yellow flowers .
it was a beautiful cloud covered morning at the beach ... the pelicans were enjoying their breakfast.. just as i enjoyed my bagel and coffee to begin the day . we then walked the dog down the pier and enjoyed the rest of the cool day until.. it was dinner time ! nothing like steak and potatoes to end the evening right !
it was father 's day , so i took my dad o the beach . we could see some birds flying closely across the water looking for food . we had breakfast a a local diner , the muffins were delicious ! of course we had to bring the dog with us . later that evening we had a great steak dinner .
we started at the botanical gardens . there where a lot of nice plants there . next , we moved on to the christmas dolls . the collections where pretty impressive . we stopped by the tree before heading out .
the church was very old and had lots of paintings . the paintings had saints and there was a big theater overlooking the biggest painting .
[male] and [male] headed out on a ski trip . it was mostly going down hill , a good direction for skiing . when suddenly , the ran smack into the ocean ! they waited a while to see if a motorboat would come by and let them do water skiing instead . eventually they gave up and took shelter in this icy cave for the night .
the line into the fair was very long . they had a llama . the rides were amazing but standard . i found the sculpture of the clown scary . at night , the rides were lit up .
preparing steak with spinach . the steak and spices . ground the steak , add spices . cover the beef in powder . fry until ready . delicious .
a couple boarded an airplane to fly to location . the man enjoyed taking photos from within the plane . the man photographed the farm fields , and how they looked neatly laid out from above . the couple arrived at the location airport . inside the airport , there were sculptures of prehistoric flying reptiles .
the friends gathered in a field for the annual fourth of july fire works show . they sat and watched as the show began . then , with loud explosions , the show started with full force . the friends were amazed by the lights . they spent the evening watching the explosions in the sky .
the insurance adjuster came by today to check on the damage to our vehicle . he took several pictures of the damage caused by the teenager texting while driving that rear ended us . at first the damage did not seem extensive , but as these pictures show it goes beyond scratches to denting the exhaust pipe . it also caused a crack on our lower bumper that will require the removal and replacement of the back bumper . the upper bumper photo reflects the scratches we originally thought were the only damages .
they had a lot of food out for the party . the also had drinks ready to go . they sat around and caught up . they also drank a lot . even the dog had a good time .
charities are a good cause to put together an event for . often large centers are required to hold the numbers of people that will show as well as provide room for any acts that might perform . here such a performer is helped to gain height in order to entertain her audience . she works hard at the charity event . and people enjoy the show .
everyone gathered on the beach front with the supplies to start the day . they were all apart of a volunteer group . their job was simple , they had to spend the day putting the plants in the ground . the finished product was exactly what they wanted . and it will benefit the environment greatly .
it was christmas morning at the family home . the children opened their gifts . gift unwrapping eventually commenced . the children played with the building set they were gifted . the children cooperated with each other in their building endeavors .
[female] could not wait to visit a new country . it looked more dazzling to her than she previously imagined . a giant church looked brooding in the main courtyard . [female] waited in a hostel for a room to open up . as soon as she got in one , she crashed and fell right asleep .
always great when we can shoot some hoops in the pool . all the girls taking a great picture . and the guys return in kind the guys are always being silly after the pool , it 's time for some poker
uncle [male] went around with his weird mustache and glasses and took pics with everyone . my sisters , both biological and foster came to the party . two of my brothers also came , we had a rather large immediate family . we played pool volleyball which is definitely not my forte . however , high stakes poker is ; i cleaned all these suckers out .
we were having a wonderful christmas party at our house . [male] was wearing some sexy leopard print ears as he opened his gag gift . [female] , lovely as ever , also wore leopard printed ears as she posed for this photo . while playing cards , we stopped to take a sentimental photo with [male] . i think we had a little too much to drink because [male] decided to wear the leopard print ears , and he pretended to be a leopard as he licked his `` paw '' .
the local restaurants prepare for a busy day . this bar is known for its excellent house brews . people make their way down the highway to get to their favorite restaurants . the city has been doing a lot of renovations lately , slowing business . at the end of the day all the workers take the train home .
there was damage on the road that needed to be fixed . large machinery was brought in to complete the job . the crew worked together carefully , with one man directing equipment . it is starting to look like a beautiful road , smooth surfaces ! these workers are proud of their job done well .
look what i have found at the collectors place ! 1930 's casino machines ! there were some old signs in one corner . old newspaper vending machines were also there at this place . a huge collection of table fans from 1920-1980 was amazing . this place also has rotary dial phones collected over past 45 years .
we had a great time opening all of our gifts my daddy is opening his gift that i got him . thats my oldest brother . he came home for christmas . that is our church . we go every sunday . this is a picture of how it looks behind our house .
the candidate gave a speech . there was a small crowd there to hear him . some came by bike . he waved to the crowd . then he left on a helicopter .
the band was playing their first concert . the lead singer had never been in front of a crown before . the background singer sang his best . the bass player kept the jam going . everyone in the band had fun at their first concert .
water breaks against the shore on a cloudy morning . this boat cuts through the water . two cats stand near the water , maybe looking for some fish . the sun breaks slightly through the clouds in the afternoon . a cargo ship moves near port at the end of the day .
visiting somewhere new ! hung out in this village for the day how the houses were decorated.. watched them making bread by hand ! what a different view of the world !
celebrating his birthday at the park . his green alien gallons are floating away . eating pizzas at the birthday party . green spaceship cake for [male] . all the gifts are ready to be open .
a rainy day in a city . a big building on a rainy day . people going into a building . a big party in a big building . a big place with tables of food .
everyone is waiting for the game to start you can feel the excitement in the air she always has perfect form in the game partners are trying to get their strategy togther i hope she quickly recovers to play the game
the entertainment was excellent ! the displays were amazing ! we had fun looking through all of the potential gifts ! the food choices were diverse ! the great writer was honored at the event !
our downtown high school parade was today , featuring this girl . the parade also brought animals , such as this llama . there was also a fair and rides for the kids . one of the booths at the fair was kind of creepy , so we moved on . at night , the rides were lit up and beautiful . not bad !
it was around christmas time when i was waiting for the bus . the weather was cold and snowy . when i got home , i had flowers waiting from an admirer . they were very pretty . the town christmas tree was brightly lit in the town square .
on our nature hike , we saw some amazing things . the rays of the sun coming over the cloud was awe inspiring . the birds looking for food on the water 's surface gave one pause about how hard they work to survive . the birds are very majestic in flight . the sunset across the water is very soothing and calming .
everyone was getting ready for the birthday party . they lined up for cake and drinks . the birthday girl gave a speech to everyone before eating her cake . they had fun dancing after a few drinks . the woman was very grateful for everyone that came out .
everyone was following the coffee cart of course . everyone was neck and neck with each other . the race continued as the speed picked up . you could tell this guy was having fun . this guy was pulling off some cool tricks for us .
the kids loved kindergarten . they did many art . the toys were so fun./ they got to play learning games on the computer . then they watched a movie on the projection screen .
some friends and i went to the club . the music was loud and everyone was a little uptight . a few drinks loosened us up enough to dance . a few more had us all up and moving . by the end of the night we were silly !
eating at the mama location location . pizza night with the family . son and dad eating pizza and drinking juice . watching the game on tv . having fun with the family .
on our family vacation we went to location . here is a great picture of my husband and i . what a wonderful day . this is the view we saw at the top of the mountain . this is the street that we stayed on . i love the palm trees . i loved fishing at night and being in the boat . it was very relaxing .
i went for a ride on my bike i rode 20 miles i found myself in the middle of nowhere there were ducks so that was cool i could n't get anyone to join me so i went alone
all the colleagues gather at their annual meeting . new products are on display so the sales representatives can become familiar . the place chosen for their annual meeting was beautiful and very expensive . [female] and [female] , two of our best sales representatives get their picture taken . [male] [male] , the sales representative supervisor welcomes a new member of the team .
to get into christmas cheer i went to a light presentation . this gingerbread house looked adorable and yummy . lights lit up the sky . the polar bear looked cool but menacing . i wish location would come and bring me some presents .
this european city was a hub for tourists . the buildings were old and some of them had important events take place at them in the past . the bridges were from the 19th century . a lot of the statues memorialized old heroes of the town . this particular building was a historic landmark .
this is a great little island to vacation . there is a little town that is surrounded by the beach and ocean . little people know about this island but some people have been coming here for years to vacation . the only access to the island is on boats . the view from the boat to the island is unbelievable .
the fireworks show started with a bang . it gradually got even louder . then it got even more colorful . after that they started shooting several at a time . the finale was amazing .
the hotel is high up above the traffic and near the artwork . the people walk along the shore and see birds .
everyone was all dressed up . the family was off . they all headed toward the car . after they layed out in the sun . the rest of the family showed up as well .
there is a rodeo going on , and it will be action filled . this beautiful woman is pretty much the announcer . the bulls were wild and scary , but put on a great show . it sure looked like the cowboy was gon na get hurt real bad . we got to see the huge buffalo . they were fantastic .
we went to the hospital to visit grandma . she had been recovering very well said the doctor . we brought out little girl and dressed her . she was wearing a red sweatshirt . she was really happy to be with the family that day .
the doll was put in a pose to pretend that she was mailing a package . the doll seemed to be curious to what was going on outside the window . the cat seemed to like the doll 's company . the cat and the doll were playing together . not only can the doll play with a cat , but it can play a guitar as well .
some of the men wore interesting hats . there was a colorful skeleton posted high . one male walked passed me with a neon face . i was very thrilled by all of the action at that event . this man wore a very interesting color scheme as well .
my job has me take pictures of various buildings . here is one of my hotel i will be staying at for the night . i 've been tasked with taking pictures of this tomorrow night for the festival . the city looks wonderful at night and things are about to get started . what a wonderful firework show the festival had at the very end .
on our day off we decided to go for an nice bike ride . the landscape around the area we were riding in was awesome to see . i always ride with my sunglasses and helmet on for safety . my boyfriend and i had such a romantic time on the sunny day . as we neared closer to the end of the ride we could see our house in the distance .
we went to a river near by on a vacation . we found sailboats fishing for different fishes . we even found eggs on the riverbed ! then we found a jellyfish on land . the whole time we were being watched by two parakeet birds .
the couple walked through the park towards the carnival . they took their time stopping to enjoy the landscape . their dog also took his time , stopping to sniff the landscape . they took the dog on the ferris wheel . then they enjoyed the fireworks display .
we are all goofing around before the party starts . everyone is here , and settling in . everyone is having a great time talking . there is also some rough housing , but it is in good fun . we even took some time to relax , and have some drinks .
we took a trip through the city of location to see the artwork . the view from up high was amazing . then we came to some artwork on the ground . there was many different types of murals on the walls . we saw so many different artist 's work .
the church was the most beautiful building in the square . the inside was just as beautifully decorated . in the front was an ornate alter . the church had seating for many people . the tour of the church ended with the viewing of a well kept courtyard .
the red barn is very large and even serves as a home ! it could use a little paint in some areas , but it is still a nice barn . it was a sunny day , so i decided to head out of the barn to enjoy the view . even the pet cat had decided to take in some of the nice weather . while i was outside , i took some time to stack some firewood up neatly .
the people were ready to board the train that was big and black . it went through the landscape and the people were happy to see the ocean .
we went to this awesome food convention . there where so many different chefs there from all over . some showed what they where working with . others showed what they like to serve on . but all of them cooked amazingly .
our family went on a trip to enjoy the beautiful architecture . from the simple streets ... to the beautiful aquaducts . the amazing mosaics that framed he gigantic walls . even the grounds were so beautifully sculpted .
our trip here was an eye opener to how different the world really is . the buildings had thatched roofs and dirt floors . the trees were beautiful now because of the fall colors . looking out the doors of some of these house were so peaceful . we all started to head out to our next destination at the end of a beautiful day .
we decided to go to a creepy old place . we went inside of this house and came back out . everything looks creepy now . the branches are almost all dead , and the ones that are n't are barely alive . looking back at the city ... nobody is around . we are the only ones left the city and bridge is completely empty ... what should i do ?
all of the families got together for a walk . some of the kids got to ride in strollers for the walk . one of the kids got to relax in some shade . after that they saw some girls riding a small boat . then there were some children that wanted to walk instead .
their was a local scary fair that came to our area . all of the rides were meant to scare the youngins the ferris wheel was even all lit up we stopped at the location bar for some delicious drinks . we finished it off by going on the crazy ufo wheel
big [male] is a large monument . londoners see big [male] every day . the birds sometimes perch on the large monument . there are a lot of statues surrounding big [male] all londoners love looking at big [male] .
my friends and i take an annual hiking trip , we 're packed up and ready . we decided to race to the campground , so we split up into teams . we are in third place , but it makes hiking to the campground very fun . we all arrived at the campsite eventually , and were very hungry from the race . night fell and everyone went to sleep besides [male] , he always stays up to drink by himself .
we visited [male] 's for a hot dog ! a lot of people were in line ahead of us . the baby did n't care one way or the other . big sign advertising their hot dogs . she winks because she knows we will get in eventually .
after exploring the beach for some time , the group came across a lonely seal that had sadly strayed too far . after finding the body of a seal , the group explored some more and were sad to discover that more seals had washed ashore . just near the beach there is a church that is known not only for its services , but the beautiful scenery that surrounds it . on the church grounds there exists a very stoic marble stature that is known because of the white alabaster that was used to create it . anyone that goes to jocko 's know that they can load up with a few kegs and get ready for any party , no matter how many attendees there might be .
i once had a dream , my dream was to grow from a small little firecracker , to a big firework like my daddy . then it actually happened ! this magical day in early july i got all packed up and sent out to do work ! i started as a dim red light , slowly glowing brighter and brighter . my friend rainbow cracker even joined me in the festivities ! we grew and grew , we could hear people cheering in the distance , i had finally made it ! but then something weird happened , i started to fade out and fall to the ground , i feel this may be my final journal entry..fading more dim..i hope dad is pro ... . rip little red firecracker 7/4/15
the karaoke bar was a mess when [female] stepped in . there was a fat man trying to sing a [female] [male] song . [female] decided to go up on the table and fight for the microphone . it did n't work because some other fat man won it over . [female] gave up after the man in blue decided that he was eminem .
first we enjoyed the graveyard . we went inside to look at the colorful church . my friend posed for a picture outside . then she learned something from the teacher . the teach showed some cool drawings on the board .
sometimes nature fights back , and takes back over roads and cities . it can cause dangerous cracks in the road that no one wants to drive on . so the city office has to send workers out to fix the issue and to put nature back in its place ... until nature strikes back once more .
we walked out to the pier over the water . first we saw a little brown bird in the lake . then we saw a large white bird looking for fish . after that we watched as they flew over the water . at the end of our trip , we saw a small green bird on top of the tree .
here 's the girls with sparklers on 4th of july . watching the big fireworks show was exciting . ... more fireworks in the sky ... after the fireworks show we headed home . look at all the smoke in the city . we decided to hang out a little longer , cuz there was still a crowd .
the best vacation spot ever , if you want to visit a carnival . this famous bridge , you must cross to enter the fun zone . our brightly lit face will welcome you into the park . the next things you will see is an enormous ferris wheel for only the brave ! enter if you dare to see lions , tigers , and bears . oh my !
the cakes are made and decorations are prepared the centerpiece cake looks magnificent the couple of the house is seated for the celebration . the grandmother joins them . the gifts are laid out too .
the restaurant was busy . cooks are rushing around to make everyone 's orders . the food was fresh and delicious . the cooks take pride in making their food perfect . even the bread is made on site at this restaurant .
me and a few of my best friends went to the beach . my lover was fearful of the water but was a trouper about it . as the day went on she got closer and closer to the water . near the end of the day she stepped into it for the first time . i was so happy at the end of the day . my lover had shared a moment with me .
we went on a walk to the pier . a duck followed us for awhile . this was a cool mural on the wall . there were some old ships at the pier . we boarded one of them and learned a lot .
he has a collection of mugs and glasses that mean something to him . for example this mug is from the location location . he also loves to think about the trip he took to location location location . next is a glass from the carnival trip that he took . he also got this glass while on a cruise from a village that he visited .
people are leaving a big church an old ship is docked by the river the person is walking by the man and woman are taking a picture of a monument an old windmill is fenced in to keep it save . many people standing around a fire wait for a race to start
location may be a mysterious , beautiful place , but it is also fun to shop there , and we do . you see signs everywhere in english which really helps us out a lot . [female] bought almost an entire rack of dresses and we all had to carry them . and i was kind of amazed to see sponge [male] in amongst the charter balloons . we even bought some cool chinese pepper ornaments for the tree back home .
it was a night to celebrate great accomplishments . people had a great time together . lost relationships were rekindled . many fun stories were told . and a great speech was heard by all .
the man was giving a speech for the crowd that lovely day . the crowd was gathered around the speaker listening intently . a man is seen on a bike next to the crowd and helicopter . the man is waving good bye as he prepares to exit . the man is preparing to get into the helicopter to his destination .
the convict visits with neighborhood children , to share exciting stories about prison . he demonstrates how to tear down a scooter to use it as a make-shift weapon . the man takes a break from the festivities to pose with a client . he tells the children it 's okay to make fun of other cultures , if they 're all dead and ca n't complain . the children show off their cool tats , letting the man know they 've been listening , and are ready to embark on a life of mayhem and madness .
a parking meter is decorated in pink . the skyline of the city is beautiful against the sky and river . foot steps of various colors adorn the boardwalk . some art is seen on the walls . some different charachter art is seen .
we went to go sight seeing while on vacation . we got to a peak were the view was awesome . they had signs that gave us the history of the sight . we walked for miles . we ended up in a museum with neat artifacts .
today is [male] 's 2nd birthday . [male] is very happy to see her chocolate cake . his mom made lemon tarts for him and the guests who came to celebrate his birthday . [male] really enjoyed the party . he was tired and went to bed with his [male] the train pillow .
i went on a road trip last weekend . i got to see a lot of new cities . some of them were huge . it took me hours to drive through it . when i finally got through it was nothing but smooth driving to my destination . it still took many hours to get there though .
when i first got , to the field of flowers . i noticed he was not here . maybe if i wait a little longer . he will show up .
decided to walk along the beach and see what i can find . i build a sandcastle of of dirt and wood just for fun . the rocks here are gorgeous and full . i ran across this wood stacked up nicely . i wonder what it was . here it is at another angle .
at the arcade birthday party everyone was having fun . the birthday boy almost ate the place out of food . there were plenty of sweets for all the kids . the cotton candy was bigger than the birthday boys head . his father played one last game with him before they went home .
i made some breakfast for everyone today . i made a lot of bacon . when i got to the ferry we had to wait for a while . i put my car inside . it was a fun ride .
cool day at the rainbow parade . what 's he looking at ? look it 's [male] and [female] , they came again . some of the local bands . a unique bubble just flying through the air .
when i finally finished getting dressed there were a lot of photographers waiting for me downstairs . they took so many pictures of us . we went to many different places for pictures . some of them were very old . i had a great time .
we had our sunday church today . it was a very enlightening sermon today . the music was very soothing . the choir sang many peaceful songs . it was a very good sermon today and we all felt very at peace .
we came across this beautiful fountain with a statue in the middle . we rode the really fast roller coaster and had so much fun . our friends was so excited to ride another roller coaster . the red roller coaster was almost too scary for us to ride . at the end of the day we watched our friends ride different rides .
ah the seal colony . this is where they said we could find the oracle . well , i 'm not seeing any seals here . are you sure we 're in the right place ? this beach is murder on my ankles . no wonder there are n't any seals here , it 's all stony . `` i think they 're looking for the oracle '' . `` hey , she 's over there '' . what helpful birds ! at last , there she is . excuse me , we 've been looking for you miss oracle . can you help us find the mysterious cave ? i think she 's in a trance .
today was my , my mom and brothers birthday.we had a party with one another . i surprised my mom and brother by celebrating their birthdays with mine . we set a nice table to eat dinner with each other.we even drank some fancy wine . my favorite present was my first . a gift card to my favorite store . singing happy birthday really scared my dog . he hid under my bed the whole night .
`` you 're a star '' was the theme of [male] 's birthday party . star decorations could be found hanging and in different places . [male] carefully unwrapped his present by untying the ribbon . he was so excited to see what was inside once he got it opened . the stars remained up after his birthday was over so he could remember his day .
the boys love to watch the roadrace of the fancied up regular cars . they have a favorite in the orange muscle car . the excitement builds as the race goes along . i love the cars that look like just commuting cars , yet are racing ! the smoke behind the cars showed how hard they had to work to race .
our road trip was so nice . we had one complication though . our car started shaking and rattling . we had a flat because this giant thing got stuck between the car and the tire . there was no damage to the car , but the ground was we . it was unpleasant to say the least to change the tire .
here is tonight 's song list . the main vocalist starting off the night with say it now . the guest vocalist , the main vocalist 's wife came to the stage and joined him in in these arms . the main singer sits at the piano and looks out at the crowd in awe of his fans . the couple 's duet singing i have loved you wrong .
[male] had a great idea for a movie to make with some friends . the old storage room was the perfect place to film it . they talked about the upcoming scenes and worked on the dialog . [female] played the rebel leader , and she was amazing ! after filming the last scene , everyone was excited to get together to eat cake and watch the movie . the whole cast had secretly chipped in to buy [male] a present -- he was really surprised !
the kardashian 's proudly display their products . [female] stands in front of her display as someone describes the products . [female] glances at her notes to help describe the purses . [female] takes the microphone so that she may speak . [female] decides to take a few notes .
i went down to the beach last weekend . i had a great time three . there were a lot of boats out there . the bathroom was very small . it was a lot of fun .
rather than starve to death me and my roommates learned to cook . it was no easy task . neither is cleaning up the mess . but eating is easy so we try our best . eating and posing for photos is what we do best .
we went on a desert expedition . we all gathered in the sandy abyss . we even got to ride camels ! conversely , we saw some pretty amazing scenery . these rocks were absolutely majestic !
i decided to escape to the beach for my vacation . the beach was pristine and not very crowded . the fountain show downtown starts every hour on the hour . the local art museum had a special exhibition . before returning home , i made a purchase at the duty free shop at the airport .
art is in the eye of the beholder . it can be in a fish bowl . the american flag can be art . art can be funny and make people laugh . art can be serious and make people think . sometimes art makes you ask what the artist could have possibly been thinking about .
i love looking at the old family photos when i was just a little girl . our family had their first family group picture in 1963 . we had to pose for pictures when my parents were able to buy they 're first car . we always took the opportunity to have a picture , even when sunning outside . now our family pictures have grown to over more than 25 people .
visiting the historic downtown [male] . the front of the house . the church of the town . housewright cemetery . and the famous sage creek bridge .
this little girl had just got home from school . she showed me where she lived . the streets were very old and cluttered . i think ts was a bull walking down the street . this structure was right in the middle of town .
when i got to the race everyone was already there . some people had very unique bikes . i brought a normal one . everyone was determined to win . i came in first place !
a family decides to spend their day relaxing at the beach . the husband and wife are very excited to finally be spending some time together . they also bring their kid so that she can enjoy the beautiful water too . eventually , the husband and wife decide to go for a swim , but take a picture together before getting all wet . finally , they head home . the dad is sad to be leaving , but happy that he had such a good day .
when the sun went down , it was time for the fireworks display . there was red and white fireworks . then there were blue fireworks . after that there was white ones coming from the ground . finally , there were a lot of red ones going off .
a group of people sit around a table in a room making crafts . two cakes sit on a table ; one has a single robot , the second has a group of hand-made tardises from the television show 'dr . who ' . the donationbot sits on top of a table next to a beer bottle , holding a coin . a group of people set up small robots on rolls of paper together . robots with markers are legs move around a roll of paper on their own accord , creating vivid artwork .
the restaurant was very busy . a lot of friends had showed up for the party . there were a lot of pictures taken . some of them were normal . other pictures were meant to be funny .
the overpass is the entrance to the little town we are visiting for the day . location location is where we decided to eat our dinner while eating we sat out on the deck , and watched all the birds . we had a wonderful time in this little town that we visited for a day .
we went into the city to get lunch that day . we really wanted hot dogs , so that 's what we sought out . we had a short picnic , and we all had hot dogs . we saw a short parade , so we all got ready to look at it . afterwards , we even got time to play some tennis .
i was so excited to go to the city for the fireworks display . the buildings were all lit up with blue and red lights . the night was amazing . the show was great . so many big bursts of fireworks and lights . the finale was pink and lit up the whole sky . the smoke took a while to clear above the buildings from all of the fireworks .
we decided to go to out on the market yesterday and we found these wonderful flowers . while out at the market we saw many interesting antiques . the owner of one of the antique shops explained the importance of this piece . he also said this piece is a rare artifact that can not be found anywhere . we saw so many beautiful flowers that day . it brightened up the mood .
planning to take a trip , trying to figure out just where to go . decided to take a road trip up the coast to the water . once there , i was so glad that was what was decided the sunrise was gorgeous . the formation of the rocks look very interesting in their shape . nextime i will travel by bus , this one looks very comfortable .
our trip hosts lived on a rice paddy . their house was so interesting looking , like it was made of straw and mud . they roasted a pig in our honor . the elders taught us how to eat family style according to their culture . the kids played outside and ate fresh fruits while we chatted .
this was some kind of strange street sign that was hanging up . i have no idea what it meant . a sign to one of the great local watering holes . our exit ramp on the highway . some buildings under construction from the window of our hotel . looking down at the road from an overpass while walking around .
[male] and [male] celebrated their birthdays together . [male] turned 41 and [male] turned 1 . as their family sang happy birthday , they blew out the candles on their cakes . [male] cut the cake to share with everyone . after eating cake the presents were opened .
here 's my hot boyfriend [male] packing up for our hiking trip . and here 's our friend edie taking a selfie . she went along with us . we hiked up to beautiful location location . [male] and edie ate while i took a picture at night . in the morning i was n't ready to get up though !
walking along the beach brings me peace . the sunset makes me feel calm . i sit and reflect on my life . as the sun sets i know i am okay . i think back on the goodness of life .
here we are on the first day of our trip to the beach . we were so excited that we both had to take pictures . we took a short break from the beach , but we got lost . however , we found more beach and it was more peaceful . we finally got in the water after a while .
the african culture and arts fair was incredible there were so many amazing costumes . the make up artistry was impressive . the culture and dance really showed alot of skill . there were so many detailed costumes featured .
one day the young kids were talking and laughing , so grandpa asked what they were talking and laughing about . they said one day their dream is to live on the beach in a colorful house . they would live near enough so that all their friends could come visit them , and it would be a great life .
this is my families farm in the desert . its not in the best shape but its home . the whole place could use a fair bit of work . but atleast the animals are happy . and not all of its so bad , its quite scenic really .
loving the beautiful sunset over the ocean . beautiful tiger sitting down getting some rest . loving the rainbow over the boat in the ocean . beautiful cloudy evening , watching the flags in the water . time to wind down the busy day with a ferris wheel ride at night .
we went to the beach for vacation . there were a lot of boats . we sat on the sand and watched the waves . some people went swimming in the ocean . we visited local attractions and looked and stones . afterwards , we went to a historic church .
here 's something i found before we set off on our journey tonight . very pretty lights . the morning sunrise ! so much snow , i want to take a break . making my way downtown . the end of our venture , ending with a sunset . perfect .
the first speaker of the evening was very interesting . the gentleman sitting next to him was quite interested in the literature the speaker brought with him . everyone on the panel discussed the first speaker 's points . the next speaker brough visual aids . this speaker wanted everyone to understand the differences and similarities between works of art .
we went to organization as the racers from [male] kart this year . we saw some people in tiki masks . we saw some one piece cosplay . others came as star wars characters . others i had no clue .
he admired the lion sculpture . he pushed his mother throughout their old neighborhood . she was glad to be outside . there 's the nursery home where she stays now . they glanced at the beautiful landscaping .
we went on a little adventure this weekend . danced at the warehouse during the daylight then got some fast food at a nearby mall . what is this ? a chapel ? a church ! we are going to get married here one day .
i went to the musuem to see all the old ambulances they have on display . you can really see how much emergency vehicles have changed . even the logos and symbols have changed dramatically . this is a very early example that i quite enjoyed for it 's simplicity . here was the oldest , and my most favorite , vehicle in the exhibit .
this is a picture of bacon . this is a picture of people eating . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of cars . this is a picture of men .
this is my daughter , [female] , posing with her dog , ramsey . as [female] rehearses for her upcoming recital , i 'm there to help her every step of the way . the morning of the dance recital , [female] sleeps in with her daddy . time to get up , sleepy head . people are lining up at the recital , hoping to get a good seat . there 's [female] dancing her little heart out . it 's such a proud moment .
she was so exited for her birthday . all of her friends from school came by to celebrate . the party was a lot of fun . the kids sat around and talked to each other . she had the perfect birthday and she was so happy .
i 've never seen such thick fog , i had to document it . the building in the background is barely visible . if not for headlights , the cars would be invisible . that 's my bus stop . where is everyone ? lost in the fog ? one last photo before the fog finally lifted .
today i visited my home land for the firs time in 4 years the terrain didnt change much . this is my grandma grandpa and cousin jeddi . the day after i got there i took a bike ride down the old dirt road i must have ridden thousands of times then i helped the guys do some planting.. it was a great visit
one day while [male] was walking his dog , he had an idea . he should make his wife dinner and have a movie night with her ! they would n't even have to leave their little shack of a house , and it would be very romantic . so [male] started right away on cooking a fantastic dinner , which his wife ate right up . and then they started playing a movie so that they could cuddle on the couch and keep the romance alive .
little [male] had never been on a boat before , and was mildly amused . as a baby , he could do nothing to stop random people from placing things on his head . finally able to break he away , he found a seat on the floor where he could relax . but then mom found him , and another object was placed on his head . finally having had enough , he fled to the water , where he was carried away by the lady in the lake .
a girl is playing the guitar and singing at the same time . she is performing in front of a small crowd at a party . she continues singing at the small party . she stops singing and just plays her guitar . once she 's finished , another guy comes up and gets ready to perform .
they are ready to start the race they get ready to start the race and they take off someone falls and need help someone pulls aside and help and walk to the finish line with him
the family is in location location seeing the sites . the family taking a walk around the location monument riding on a motorcycle after seeing the monument [male] is excited to see the white house . hanging out at the location location location location .
it was the little girl 's birthday and she went to chuck.e . cheese 's to celebrate . the kids celebrated by having a pizza party . the girl got to hang out with her friends . they then brought out a nice yellow cake with a candle . the little girl finished up her birthday by blowing out the candle and eating some cake !
giant pillars reach for the heavens . an ancient stone rocking horse found in the desert . this is the entrance to the instance . rich people take advantage of an oasis . their gardens bloom beautifully .
relaxing on the beach and getting some sun . what a great site of the sun over the water . a koala bear is up in the tree looking down . here i am with the koala above me . here is the bridge we will be going on soon .
we went to a few places today . the trainyard for one . next we went to the park , where we saw some ducks ! these two were a riot . we want to invite them to the next party ! afterwards we went to the city , where some parade was going on . it was interesting . afterwards we went home and ate dinner
the cat was playful on the carpet . the couple were tail gating before the game . the deep fried candy bars stand . the lady was munching on a corn dog . the man was in love with the deep fried dessert .
the soldiers greeted each other . it was a way to recognize all of the soldiers from both countries . the host discussed how the worked together to solve the problem . the men were honored . then they brought in the students that were rescued .
oh my ! what a lovely gathering of beauty . someone is celebrating a birthday ! could be her ? or her ? it 's her ! beautiful , she is , may she celebrate many more among friends ... : )
she liked working with her hands . she liked cooking . but this stuff was yucky . how would this mess ever become a tortilla , she thought . with the help of her friend , it not only became a tortilla , it was actually good .
it was christmas eve and we got the family into the car and headed over to the location location location . an annual tradition , the location has to be seen to be believed . thousands of lights are displayed while passengers in their cars drive through to see them . my family likes to sing christmas carols as we drive through the amazing and festive holiday show . this year , they even made a light display of an mp3 player . it was definitely a sight . we ca n't wait to go again next year .
at the beginning of their beautiful vacation , the couple went to see a wildlife exhibit . then , they went to the beach and took a walk , they went back to their hotel to rest for a bit . after that , they returned to the beach and collected some crabs to observe . they watched fireworks and that concluded the night .
the family went sailing for a few days , they decided to drop anchor and explore the area . they saw the jets at the air strip , a great view of the city around them . they saw a strange contraption that had the word open on it/ they ended up below the midway after they pushed the button .
having fun at the barbecue . laying in the pool . time for the firework . playing with lights . family get together continuation .
a man went for a walk in location location . he walked past some bridges . he walked down a path . the man even walked into a tunnel . after his walk the man stopped for breakfast .
the stable was full of horse gear . [female] fed the horses their oats . as part of the show , horses had to be led around the stadium . the show was pretty busy this season . this rider makes some last minute adjustments to her costume .
holidays afloat is a popular boat many of the tourists use . you can take a dip in the water by jumping off the side . there is also some great fishing opportunities . there is even a mini grill for those are in need of a light snack . at the end of the night you can sit and have a nice drink .
the building was so plain . i wanted to give it some pizazz . it took a while . finally after days of piecing it together , i the look i wanted . now it 's beautiful .
i went to the art gallery last week . there were many pieces there . they were all very good . afterward we went to the bar . we got some food while we were there .
saturday we made a trip up to a local farm to check out some of the animals . first up were horses . we noticed a friendly dog walking around the farm . goats were gently bleating nearby . we saw several baby goats . next we were allowed to feed a llama . after viewing the animals , we all met up to enjoy a picnic on the property !
the little girl played in her room . she then moved to the living room to explore . the room was well organized . she was able to find many items . the girl had a companion that also loved things .
everyone was at the big premiere ! like this guy in the black jacket . and this hottie in purple . not to mention the girl in green . and these two fools showed up too .
legend has it that if a train passes between the two street lights at exactly midnight , the ghost of a transient woman killed in the spot would appear on the tracks . so , the lone paranormal investigator waited . his confidence began to wane as the end of the train got ever closer . but , even after the train was well out of site , he saw no apparition . still , his nerves could n't take it , and he ran .
i finally made it back home from college for my winter break and as soon as i got there my grandma made so much food . this is her homemade fried chicken which she has a special recipe for . i love this pasta it is so delicious and healthy . this ham is so good it is glaze so perfect . this gets me very full . i am just so happy to come home on winter break and enjoy some homemade food for my grandma .
a hurricane struck the town . it damaged the houses and telephone poles . even a boat laid on the yard of a house . cars were on top of each other . lastly , this was the best depiction of what a hurricane can do .
i decided to throw myself a big party for my 30th birthday . i arranged all the details with the restaurant manager . we went over the theme and found some stickers that would work for it . i loved how the table looked as we prepared for guests . the restaurant was just what i wanted -- -elegant but warm . i had a lot of fun preparing the dessert tray , complete with some whoopie pies to celebrate my location heritage !
the sunrise this morning at our vacation house was spectacular . a single bird soared above the water . we had our traditional coffee and hot crossed bun breakfast . punk , our dog , was eager for the day to get started . we had a very hearty supper that night -- -pork , mashed potatoes with sour cream and corn on the cob .
i have been working hard all day . time to have a nice meal to end my day . then some drinks with family . it is nice enough day to take a drive . then try on some new shoes at the store .
this party was packed but i was all alone . the guys were talking about the latest game that came out . elsewhere in the party , a friend was playing with the airsoft guns . outside the party , people were posing for pictures . i went inside and found that people were making crafts .
another quiet day at the office as the summer season begins . working at the organization organization organization organization has its benefits . the work schedule board clears up considerably after [female] commencement . the weather gets much nicer and enjoyable . although the walk to get the coffee can get odd when you have so many trial judge portraits staring at you .
a crowd is gathered around the street to watch a small parade . towards the middle of the parade are a group of bicyclists . their bicycles look different than an average bike . some of them look normal but others are taller and longer than what you would expect . leading up the end of the parade is a caboose from a train with people on it .
everybody was trying their best to win the race . i was some where in the middle . i passed as many people as i could . after a while i finally made it to the front . i did my best and i won !
a smart part of the outside of the hotel that we stayed in on vacation . i love the nights that we had there , wonderful food and great atmosphere . enjoying a night ride on the ferris wheel . our hotel lobby that we stayed at . just some of the different views that we saw the past couple days .
there is a biodiesel demonstration in town . they will show people how biodiesel is made . there will also educational information about how much more energy efficient biodiesel is . a buffet will be offered to participants . hopefully , by raising awareness , the location can become a better place .
the veggie burgers at the caf were perfect for lunch . we walked downtown to get to our next destination . on the beach someone created a sand sculpture of a dragon . the beach was rather empty for such a lovely day for dinner we ate at the local restaurant .
it was a lovely day for the family on the lake . they posed for a snapshot on the beach . later they went out in a sailboat . the boats came to shore one by one as the sun set . the lake was placid and beautiful .
it 's a big day for [female] because she turns ten . some friends get there early and they sit around the table . more guests eventually arrive and bring gifts . finally [female] gets to open all her presents and have cake . a lot of the girls had to leave early but [female] does n't mind spending time with a just a few .
i had a great time at the wedding last year . the location they chose was beautiful . the weather was very good . there was also a train going around the property . i love this time of the year .
a crowd lined up for the fair 's amazing food . the food was fattening but tasty . a day at the park was just what i needed . i won an arcade token at a booth . my dad gambled on a fake horse race and lost .
the winter weekend getaway began with a trip up the incline . we then traveled along a snowy road to get to the coast . the coast was very quiet and non-active at this time of the year . however , that did n't stop us from viewing a beautiful sunset . our final destination of the weekend was the underground caves .
we visited location location lately . first , we saw the organization organization . next , we went to visit the organization building . from afar , we can even see the location monument . the lake leading to the location location was gorgeous too .
my friend and i helped volunteer at a local market booth last weekend . there were people at other booths around us giving out free food samples . others were explaining environmental impacts of house construction . one of the women left her plate of food where she should n't have . a volunteer pointed at the plate to show her she was wrong .
we took a field trip to the flower fields . while we ate lunch a speaker explained the historical significance of the area . we saw a monument to the great war . we also saw a flower field that was actually a sculpture . it was so cool . after the tour , we had time to play with the kites we brought .
creative easter eggs can be created by using a small paint brush or pens to draw on the shell . markers are also handy to mix a variety of colors and designs . for tie dye designs you can swirl colors together . or you can draw detailed designs by hand . the best easter eggs are a variety of colors and designs !
today i went into town with my buds . we saw these round spinning colorful things and it made us want to play disc golf ! so the three of us ran over to location location and played a game . [male] was so cocky . he bet us $ 500 we would n't beat him . we all laughed at [male] as i put in the bets on my phone . i have to say i did beat them all and won $ 1000 at the end of the day .
everyone began to pull their cars up to the lake . today was the triathlon , many were here to participate and watch . after the swimming , they moved onto running . with that down , only biking is now left ! and here is [male] on the winners podium , all that training paid off !
i went over to the petting zoo the other day . they had many horses that you could ride . and sheep as well . all of the pigs were sleeping . the cows were tired too .
the amusement park was packed today , we couldnt wait to get on some rides . the park had some pretty nice views , that water looked pretty dirty though . we couldnt wait to ride this bad boy , it was huge ! the turns were intense , hard to keep your hand up . after the ride we were relieved it was over but couldnt wait to get on another !
mrs. jones had to organize . the students gave her hand . they spent hours working and time flew . [male] was the last to leave . everything was neat and tidy afterwards !
when i told [female] that we were coming to this city she told us we must stop here for breakfast . i am so glad that we took her idea . here is a price list that was difficult to understand . but when we got the food served to us we were so pleased ! best coffee that i have ever had . after breakfast we went site seeing and we came across a couple of items that we just had to photograph . the windows we photographed inside a church were majestic . i think that i would like these in my home .
we threw a birthday party for my brother today . his wife was eagerly anticipating the cake ! he made a wish and blew out the candles . after cake and ice cream , it was time to open gifts and cards ! my brother was very happy with the gift i bought him .
they were n't sure what to think when they arrived at the concert ... they had been told that she made many different faces.. however , she pulled out the mandolin and won them over . and , the last face she made was beautiful . they cheered for her as she left the stage and were glad they came !
i 'm always traveling from state to state for work . every state i go to i like to collect shot glasses even though i 'm not a big drinker . this shot glass from location was really memorable . i love the way it 's designed ! each and every one of these shot glasses come with fond memories . i ca n't wait to see where i go next !
today i went to an art showing at our local college . there were artists with paintings displayed and others that were creating art in front of the visitors . this woman created balloon creatures and figures that were quite impressive . many of the paintings were by new students trying to make a name for themselves . they served food and refreshments to those of us browsing to keep our interest . i met many interesting people at the gallery and made a few new friends who shared my art interests .
the man in the costume had a great sense of humor . the office party was so much fun . the secretary had a crystal ball . she could have bever predicted this though . they won award for cutest couple .
all shades of purple wedding cake . family at the wedding reception . everyone flocks to the chocolate fountain . the mother of the bride makes a speech . two little ones on the dance floor .
it was [male] 's first birthday and he opened his presents . his cake was decorated with poke-a-dots . he wanted to touch the balloons , but they were too high . grandpa came to the party and held [male] . [male] then tried the cake . he loved it !
i returned to my old house that day . it still looked exactly as it used to , except it was a church now . the cemetery nearby was depressing to see again . the house was really beautiful though and i remembered my childhood there . i finally left and traveled back home .
i revisited places from my childhood . like the bench that i sat on next to the beach as i listened to music . there was the ferris wheel nearby , which i rode on so many times . i next went down to the beach and got my feet wet . i returned to the bench and watched the sun set over the city skyline . i then went to work and started busking for a living .
we 're heading out on a road trip today ! the scenery was rather dull along the way , but when we get to the beach , it 'll be worth the trip through the bland country-side ! i get the jitters just seeing the ocean ! finally we 're parked and heading to the beach . i did n't believe the tour guide when he said this location would be discrete but boy was he right ! not a soul in sight !
i taught my daughter how to ride her bike today . she had a great time . she only fell four times . she was okay though . afterward i bought a cake for her .
we stopped in a small old town to take in the sights . it was a very interesting place with a lot of unique shops . there were some strange structures we saw . we could see a large steeple in the distance . we decided to spend the night there because we enjoyed it so much .
the area was filled with people before the triathalon . their heads were barely visible when the contestants were swimming . it was so cool to watch them compete . the best part is always the biking at the end . my dad did n't even finish the running part though .
here i am at organization organization this year getting ready tojoin the parade . this guy and his trusty sidekick walked beside me the entire time . they make a cute couple . my brother finally joins the party . i must say , he is looking awesome ! this guy kept poking us with his golden chicken the entire parade . he was a little to excited . posing with my best friend [female] . after six blocks of walking she still looks fabulous !
we were very excited for our trip to location location city . we walked around and the streets were bustling with sellers peddling their wares . we stopped at a monument and made sure to take lots of photos together . we were hungry so we stopped for lunch at a street food car . we saw all sorts of unique signs but this national debt sign was our favorite . the trip was just amazing !
i made caramel candy today . i put really cute designs like flowers and animals on them . my favorite was the little duckling . others had colorful flowers . these were n't as popular because the ones with the animals were the first ones gone .
anyone want some burgers ? na man , i 'm just gunna take some of these oranges . i ca n't believe u stole her oranges , you 're a horrible person . come on guys lets leave . we should n't condone orange stealing . our groups much happier with out orange theives .
today is the boy 's birthday . he is turning three ! wearing his party hat , the boy shows his father the wonderful cake . he opens all his presents and is thrilled at what he receives . his sister leans against the couch and watches . it has been a wonderful birthday for the boy and his family .
mr. staple , a former astronaut , put on a presentation for a class . the class was eager to learn from mr. staple . he showed the class pictures he took while in space . he showed some fascinating pictures of the moon that wowed the class . mr. staple put on an interesting presentation and the class learned a whole lot from him .
today was a ceremony for the junior hockey league . i received an award for my performance . all of us together after the ceremony . at home showing my award to friends and family . everyone was really proud of me today .
this easter we invited the whole family over for supper . i got out and fired up the grill first thing that morning . i slow roasted a large roast to make sure it was good and tender . then me , the wife , and our daughter got dressed up nice . it was so wonderful seeing everyone and gathering around the table to enjoy the delicious meal .
he had finally landed his dream job . today he started work at the organization organization organization organization organization . he set up his notice board with some personal touches . he enjoyed the view from his office . he hoped to someday get his own portrait put on the wall for merit .
i took a long drive through the country in location , and had my picture taken by the sea . a nearby farmer had penned up his sheep to keep them corralled . the rolling green meadows nearby were lovely . further out , the grassland turned more yellow and brown . but near the ocean , other farmers were letting their sheep graze in the sun .
we saw a group of seals relaxing on the beach . afterwards , we saw these beautiful flowers . we even saw another small animal under a tree . we got to check out a cave next to the water . finally , we watched the sunset on the horizon .
i liked the way the day started out today . it was sunny and clear . soon the skies began to get very dark . visibility got very bad . we decided to take a break and get something to eat .
yo , my name is dhor i am a god from location dry . i use to cause alot of deaths back in the day . but that all changed one day . i woke up feeling like i wanted to make a new life . so i took my skelly horse and escaped to earth . where i linked up with my boy flaming flame . he taught me everything i needed to know about location . im so happy that i decided to leave . nowadays i spend my time chilling with some honeys and watching my boy thor in the avengers .
look how excited i am to be at the beach . the scenery here is beautiful ! i 'll walk down the pier and gaze at the ocean . later i can relax and enjoy nature along the rocky shore . there is always something to watch , whether it is in the tidal pools or under the water .
the family was very happy to get together to celebrate together . many of the young people at the celebration danced together . the reunion was held after a local baseball game was played . the mascot joined in on the celebration with joy ! the girls who attended the reunion were very happy to see their grandmother .
took a ride down the river over the weekend . while we were out we saw a bird sitting on a bank . once we got closer we realized there were two birds . one was pink and was just sitting in the sand . we thought it might be hurt . the other bird was more white and would not let us even get close to see if the other was injured or not .
i 'm so glad my husband suggested the beach this weekend . our first night was spent strolling the shore . we were the first to open our umbrella on the beach the following morning . seafood is a must on a beach getaway . our meal so fresh , the fish was straight off the boat . the weekend ended too quickly .
the city always comes alive when its night time . everything that you see at night takes on a whole new look i often look around and wonder where are people going in the am what are they preparing for i notice detail in store fronts and wonder when was the building first built what was the city like back then so beautiful and so regal its almost breathtaking
my son would n't nap , too excited for his birthday party later on . i gave up trying to make him sleep and answered questions about his party . his sister was a fine little hostess . she is so mature for her age . the birthday boy blew out the candle and waited for his slice . i tried to take an artistic black and white photo . i 'm practicing composition .
the orpheum was hosting an amazing concert . the crowd was filling the streets . the band was amazing and blew everyone away . in the final song they sang everyone favorite song . the venue was beautiful and everyone had a good time .
the first thing we did was take the train into the city and this is where we got off of the train . this is the biggest ferris wheel any of us have ever seen ! here is a sign that gave us some information about the huge ferris wheel . we especially loved this beautiful old bell tower . the mixture of different architectural styles was really interesting here .
the indian boys were able to go to school from an obama grant . they learned how to read . they were excited to be able to even hold a book . many places did n't even allow girls to read . progress was happening in this little indian village .
the festivities begin nice and slow as the mariachi band plays for the crowd . the band goes into the crowd to get closer to the dacing guests . then it takes a turn for a turn-up as the dj comes out with all the pop tunes . the crowd is feeling it and starts to really party now . they 're going to be dancing all night long at this rate .
the parade started and was lead by the extreme ice cream truck , a fan favorite . then , to many 's amazement , it appeared to be a bicyclist ... followed by a trio of horses . quite a sight . when the location location location arrived , folks cheered . and , the show ended with a rather awkward looking creature finishing up the parade . folks laughed as it drove by .
the vacation spot was crowded . everyone came out here to spend memorial weekend . the pool was a refreshing way to relax . this garden was an attractive sight . a few miles away from the vacation spot there was a canyon people liked to visit .
they had their annual birthday dinner party for two of their friends . they got them a crown and tiara so everyone would know that it was their special night . one of the friends found a prawn that looked like a cockroach and dared everyone to eat it . no one took him up on it because of all the delicious food . the restaurant even placed toy dinosaurs on the dishes by special request . they finished the night with a pub crawl . everyone enjoyed the party very much .
the family gathered at their vacation house . they posed for a photo on top of the stairs . the sunset from the beach was spectacular . the friends enjoyed a fun boat ride . the second night 's sunset was even better as the friends played in the sand .
photos edited in black and white can often catch the essence of a picture , like this bridge for instance . even a small set of land with a tree can make a photo look very unique . the most breathtaking photos are the ones taken at the beach . if angled the right way the photographer can catch the clouds and water coming in perfect . but sometimes something simple as a person watching the ocean can be a great photo .
our honeymoon hotel had the most perfect intimate restaurant . each evening we enjoyed different flavored cocktails . the appetizers were delicious and almost a meal in and of themselves . the main entrees were served as a piece of art would be displayed . we managed to get a candid shot of the chef before we left .
having a get together with some friends . we are having lunch and it starts with fish . there is also macaroni salad and it looks delicious . a mango strawberry salad will be a great desert . there might not be any room left for this lovely desert .
it was the night before christmas , so stories were to be read . as the night gets on , the young ones started to fade . the table was set for a christmas breakfast . when the family awoke , the living room was filled with presents ! among his gifts under the tree , our hero was bequeathed the trump card needed to best his father : blue eyes white dragon .
it was cocktail night at the [male] johnson . [female] got so drunk she broke her expensive necklace . [male] found a hat under the bar and started saying he was king of the fat chicks . someone wrote [male] 's number and call for a good time on a sticker . they placed it on the back of [male] 's shirt [female] decided she would go home with [male] for the night and told her friend [female] she could find another ride home .
the day after the snowstorm we woke up to the entire yard looking like a winter wonderland . our little girl immediately had to run out side to play in the snow . we soon noticed that the heavy snow had damaged some of our pine trees on the side of the house . luckily it was only part of one of the trees and we can take care of it after the snow melts . she did an excellent job creating her snow man today !
this woman is visiting her family in location . she talks her parents into joining her at the beach . the restaurants have fish tanks in them . dinner was good and family time was better . it was a great dinner and vacation .
this easter we got the whole family together for some outdoor fun . we had the kids take some time indoors and do some face painting . the crafts did n't end there we also all took a minute or two to decorate our own egg . this little doll took two for herself she was just having too much fun . after our egg hunt we showed our competitive side and played egg toss .
on our visit to china we rode a boat . we entered the big city . we walked under this gorgeous arch . better drink indoors ! the night was even more pretty .
we arrived at the ice show and immediately started taking pictures . there were some beautiful sculptures and [male] was exited . our favorite was the star of [male] sculpture ... . and , the line sculptures in front of the castle . apparently , [male] had too much to drink and kicked a statue and i had to take him home .
last week i got into a car accident . i was waiting at a light and then somebody hit me from behind . there was only a little damage . i took a lot of pictures . we exchanged information and then drove on our way .
i got my mom to the race on time . the start/finish line was under the walkway at the hospital . she got her number and is ready to go ! and they are off ! there goes mom ! she did it !
stained-glass windows are beautiful pieces of artwork . they often portray scenes from the bible . they come to life when the sun shines through the window . they can be found in many older churches . they are found in churches of all sizes .
[female] and [male] went to the organization organization game . the stadium was filled with fans . the game was off to a great start . there was plenty of action . later [female] met a friend at the river .
a bar in a small town was hosting a folk band . the performers set up on stage and tuned their instruments . there was a banjo , guitar , bass , and fiddle player . the country tunes were pleasant and homey . the fiddle player really got into the music .
the plane took us all the way to location . getting off the plane and seeing our new surroundings was wonderful . we immediately took a boat ride to the keys . there , we spent hours at the beach . the day turned out to be one of the best i 've ever had .
yesterday , [female] went to see the world 's largest strawberry . she drove behind the slowest semi truck ever . she was ready to lose it . she passed by a large white coned building . behind the building was a giant ... raspberry . not a strawberry . [female] , disappointed , drove back to the city to go on a bender .
the ottawa dragon boat festival is a yearly event that attracts 5,500 paddlers and over 70,000 spectators in location , location , location . since its inception in 1993 , thousands of participants have gathered at location location location location on location location in location to race . admission to the festival is free to spectators . the competition is fierce . many accompanying family and friends also make the trip to show their support and honour survivors . the dragon race challenge is actually a charity and has till date raised over $ 3 million . a snapshot capturing the rivalry of different teams .
this is a nice , country style diner . a woman inside attends to a customer . the restaurant 's country interior holds many people . the restaurant serves many different styles of dishes . the employees of the restaurant serve hot coffee .
it snowed heavily last night . there were icicles hanging off the side of our roof . the neighbors also had icicles on theirs . our cars were snowed in so i had to start digging them out . it took me awhile but i eventually cleared enough to get out . later the snow plow cleared the main street . unfortunately , it snowed again tonight and i 'm going to have to do it all over again tomorrow .
this was a place untouched by man . there was no litter anywhere , no footprints even in the sand . when the tide came in the water was clear of any garbage . people had really tried to keep this place serene . unfortunately , the touch of man is n't far behind .
today , i decided to go to the flea market . there were all kinds of things . an old red bike like the one i used to have . i even remember this from my childhood ! i even found a parrot that wanted to stay with me .
we visited a local church to see their windiws they were all so old and unique we could n't believe how beautiful the church was all the time and effort out into the design we are so glad we stopped to see it
it was a big day because we were going hiking . after an hour of walking we decided to stop and rest a little . it was calm ans soothing to hear nature . we had to prepare our tent for the night since its going to be a bit cold . what a great way to wake up and be among these beautiful mountains .
the annual trip to the campgrounds is this weekend and the family was prepared to go . when we arrived , the kids got to ride some ponies . they also got to play on some equipment they had there . even the family dog had a good time as he was fed well . there was some work to be done though as we cleared out some trees .
every year around ash wednesday my family and i get together for pizza . we have a great time laughing and telling jokes . even my brother 's ex-wife allowed him to bring his son ! we have a big family so its always a barrel of laughs ! but the best time of all is hanging with my two favorite cousins that i have grown up with and hardly ever see !
the family met up for a nice day together . they went out and looked at the beautiful , clear lake . they came across an armadillo , deceased with a beer can on his face . they decided to walk back into town . then they ate a delicious dinner .
during a night stroll , the tourists can see the city lighted up . from a distance , there is a tall tower . there are street vendors along the way selling food . the tourists decide to grab some dinner at a traditional style restaurant . the tourists are seated at a big round table .
the fireworks started blasting away . some went high in the sky . others blew up in a wide display . some of them were gold . some of them had a variety of colors .
i have never been to a chinese market before . everything looked like it was on sale that i could see . look at these beautiful dresses . and here 's some eternal balloons . they never go flag . these are ribbons for hair . i bought 100 of them in different colors .
the team of scientists headed to the location location today . they were there to study local rock formations . some traveled on foot , while others preferred to ride camelback . finally they got to their destination , the oldest rock crevice known to man ! after many long hours of research , the team determined this crevice was once home to an indigenous tribe of natives . it was an exciting day for science !
we volunteered to clean the beach and town after the hurricane . there was debris all over . some of the homes had holes and pieces ripped out from the strong winds . there were vacancy signs at a few places that survived . the organization we volunteered wat was called wow .
the bride took a walk on the nature trial before her wedding . she needed some time by herself to relax . she saw all kinds of plants and trees . a small train model was set up on display . the leaves had started to change .
it was really dark that night . i took a picture that was blurry . so i tried to take it again . but it did n't work . i think i need a new camera .
today was the day of the bull festival ! we had our mascot here . [male] bull . he is fake though . we had a lot of interesting people come in from the parade . a lot of people also wore matching outfits . this guy was so out of place though..
in a quiet little city there was a duck who waded in the water . our friends came to see what every thing was about in the city . he saw many streets that were like any other town . then he looked up and saw a awesome piece of art work that was bright and colorful . more paint could be found all over the city .
it is early morning in the city . the sun is ready to come out . birds are starting to fly in the ear . the birds enjoy the warm weathet . as it starts to get sunny , clouds move in .
we visited organization organization organization . there were a lot of old graves there . i saw my relatives graves from the 1800s . some of them were so old you could n't read them . but one was remembered with an american flag .
we had to get together for this happy shot . these guys are the greatest friends ever . this is a moment we 'll cherish forever . the bird was so beautiful , i just had to touch . moments like this last a lifetime .
we took a walk through the city . we found a lot of fun couples . there was some cute dogs out today . there 's been a lot of people down on their luck lately . luckily there are a lot of people out there that help others .
we went to watch our favorite team win the game . here comes our team . this little guy decided to find a better seat . we won the game , time for ice cream . the fireworks were just beautiful and really made the night .
i bought four lobsters for tonight . i spent a lot of time carefully choosing which lobsters i want . time to drop it into some boiling water to kill it . i had to make sure the claws were closed shut so that it did n't try to stop me from killing it with boiling water . yummy !
we had a birthday get together at a local comedy club for [male] . since we had known him since we were all kids , we thought `` operation '' would be a great game to get for him , since we all used to play it at his house as children . and since his mom is a bingo fanatic , we got that too , telling him that soon he would be hitting the bingo parlors . his brother flew in from location and had a great time as well . the improv comedy was a little ... weird . but everyone seemed to enjoy it .
it appears that there is a get together at one of the houses in the neighborhood . however , there must be an occasion since this lady is bringing a wrapped present . several people enjoy croquet in the yard . others just chat and enjoy the action . however , that yellow ball came pretty close . finally the purpose becomes obvious as the birthday cake for the youngster is cut .
people were lined up for the parade . then the floats started coming . the marching band was playing loudly . and the children were all excited . because they finally got to see [male] and [female] mouse .
our day at the beach just me and my son . here we are , getting ready go into the water . he 's a ham , he 's gon na surf . here he goes , get ready for the wave son ! ah , night time at the beach with me and my boy , what a wonderful day .
my vacation was so much fun . we went to a local park we even road a roller coaster . later we visited the red light district . we also went to a local `` coffeeshop '' .
the cobblestone streets were gorgeous . we saw some lovely local culture . even took a picture of this guy giving us a strange look ! the hotel that night was similarly wonderful . and the next day we saw some more interesting people .
in the morning we went out to take pictures of the water . it was very active and frothy . we came back inside to our warm room . we dyed easter eggs ! that evening we snapped another picture of the water , now much calmer .
the narrow roads made it difficult for travel . the welcomed us with a banner hanging across . we know that the next town would be a little farther . their attractions were better though . they also had better parking .
i was watching the fireworks last weekend . there were a ton of them . i really enjoyed them all . the pictures came out great . i ca n't wait for next time .
my daughter kesia as one of the performer . that my best friend alia also participating on the festival . she makes all her best just to perform her talent . from the other group perform her best costume . from our team [female] . she looks so lovely on her costume .
when we arrived at the beach the parking lot was full . we waited in line to grab a bite to eat . we took off our shoes and walked on the sand . then we headed towards the waves to splash around . we walked on the beach until we reached some rocks .
we went to the beach ! there was so much to do . it was absolutely pristine . the hotel we stayed at was very fancy . the boardwalk was fun too !
when [male] and his friends were given the job of coming up with the props and designing sets for the play , they had a lot to decide . they discussed themes , cost , placement of props , and so much more . it was a chaotic environment to work in because the dancers were right next door practicing . fortunately , [male] 's friend found a quiet place where they could make calls from . [male] 's group decides to go with a french theme after finding a table at an antique store .
we finally made it to the theme park ! even though i hate heights we took a ride in the chairs . this ride was more my style . after going on so many rides , we took aim at some games instead . there were so many lights and cool things to see at the park .
they could be anywhere . you never knew where to check next . she thought she was another ! maybe down here ? hey come help me please !
mom posing for the camera on [female] 's birthday . grandma elda loves her little granddaughter [female] . wolfie was not too pleased with me taking pictures of him . [female] ready to blow out her candle . her beautiful birthday cake . it was delicious !
my friends and i went to a parade last week . it was for the fourth of july . we saw an airplane fly overhead . out of the airplane jumped skydivers . my little brother 's boy scout troop was in the parade .
a biking and swimming event is taking place at a lake . a group of people get in the lake and swim across it . once they are done with that they run to their bikes . they take off on their bikes for the finish line . the winners are pictured above .
as they arrived at the farm , a horse ran to greet them . the dog also seems happy to see them . the dog loved playing catch with people . everywhere on the farm , flowers were in bloom . they would never forget this trip together .
the police made their presence known at the immigration protest . participants marching in the awareness parade . the police stopped traffic so the parade could go past . the car was driving along as a float in the parade . a side view of the car that was participating in the parade .
it is this man 's birthday and his friends decided to take him out to celebrate . they smile for the camera because they have a surprise for him . the one friend is slightly annoyed because his cake did not come out yet . when his cake comes out he is very excited . they all smile because their surprise is complete .
who does n't love fireworks ? this one looks like a firey palm tree ! although beautiful , it 's a bit scary when they fire off too close to the ground . this one reminds me of a christmas ornament ! when they break apart , they look like little crawly bugs . the big red in your face fireworks are the best !
the group was dressed and ready to go tot the wedding reception . the bride and groom went out on the floor for the first dance . during the reception , the best man roasted the groom . the party continued into the night . the attendees wanted the party to go on indefinitely but ultimately everyone had to leave .
this is the best birthday i 've ever had . i ca n't wait to see all of my birthday presents . i hope i got money . are you serious ? this is a little mushy for me guys , oh come on guys do n't cry . alright , this is cool ! i love it , you guys are the best . i have to admit it . you have excellent taste in clothes . i love you !
i went to a festival with my friends . there were many different food places set up . there were also different floats on display . music was being played for our entertainment . they were having a concert later that night and they needed to set up .
during a trip out west we saw sprawling deserts . we also visited ancient dwellings from native americans . a weather vane and windmill had been standing for a century . the desert rocks were carved by sand and wind . we carved our initials into the sand along with the date .
the back window of this van was an amazing way to start our sight seeing . here we are traveling through the city streets . these lights were even more impressive close up . so much activity in the city at night time . this pictures speaks volumes on how our trip turned out .
this is [male] , his mom and his dad . [male] 's uncle gave him a birthday cake . there were 3 candles for [male] to blow out . the cake was decorated just like a basketball , orange with black curved lines . there were party hats , and plenty of soda . [male] opened his presents . he got a toy motorcycle ! it took a long time to open presents but [male] wanted to open even more , it was so much fun .
there was an easter painting of an angel . they had some cute chick paintings . the bunny was done very well . the little girls were cute . i liked the easter pictures .
we catch a glimpse of our holiday destination from the airplane window . location is beautiful ! we decide to explore the ancient buildings fronting the harbor . we decide to spend a day at the beach . it 's not crowded and the weather is beautiful . we rent mopeds and explore the city . much easier than traveling by car . the basilica is stunning . we attended mass on our last day in location .
everyone gathered for the company 's holiday party . the company even set up a location prop . co-workers spent time with each other . [male] drank quite a bit and acted silly . overall , everyone really enjoyed themselves !
the crowd gathered around to watch the fireworks . the fireworks were large and very loud . then they had fireworks that had many colors . after that they had fireworks that were just red and blue . everyone enjoyed the fireworks .
the fans are excited to finally see the race take place . the red race car zooms past the onlookers . not far behind was another race car . the fans cheered with excitement to see the cars go by so quickly . the crowd clears out because the race is finished .
my partner and i took a picture before we celebrated . we decorated the tree and brought presents . he set up candles so the atmosphere would be peaceful . i bought some vegetables to cook for dinner . my parents came over to watch a movie with us .
[female] and [male] did not like being left out of the party . they decided to break in . [male] found a way through the locked door . they were in ! [female] saw [female] by the cake so she ran right there so she could help decorate . [female] put the candles on . [male] went straight to wear he left his toys . he could see his little car was all right , but where did all these round blue things come from . [female] 's mom was astonished at [female] and [male] 's derring do .
they picked out their christmas tree for the living room . then they brought it home to decorate it . they hung up their stockings over the bookshelf . after that they put the final decoration on the top of the tree . the christmas tree look so beautiful in the window .
today i decided to go to a location location 's day parade . i 'm irish so i loved seeing all the irish stuff . the people were really into it too . there were even horses in the parade . the music was great and i really enjoyed myself .
my buddies and i walked to our fishing spot along the river . it was quite a long ways in so we took a water break along the way . the river was shallow where we wanted to fish . my buddy immediately caught one . i never caught any that day .
when the bike race started , the seats in the venue were pretty empty . the racers all posed for a pre-race photo shoot . the race was pretty competitive . it was exciting seeing so many bikes close together . i have to admit , we almost wished the bicycles would crash , as that would have been fun to see !
[female] visited the location location location on a quest to see seals . she looked for seals in the ocean waters . she looked for seals on the pebble covered beach . she pulled out her binoculars and looked for seals resting on rocks half submerged in the water . [female] then realized that her real quest was to find herself and finished the day by meditating .
the man was not happy that the christmas party was happening . another guy got a drink and the girl looked at him as they were taking photos .
he is waiting for a friend . she does n't like being in a picture . our bartender was very nice . a woman that we met has a great smile . her husband also has a great smile .
i went to the photo shoot today . i had a great time . we took many different pictures . i put on a lot of make up . i hope we can do it again later .
i went to a [male] cat 's game with my family at location location . i posed with a mascot . my son and i took a picture with scooter . here is the view from behind the catcher . it was a great game and the organization organization won .
the bridge was a little scary . so we decided to take the path . we arrived at the little bungalow . the way back was the path . we found our destination .
iron man and like competitions have become more and more popular every year and it seems that the ones i have watched usually start early with the swimming part going first . these cross training style events can only be won or even finished by the some of the best athletes in the world . the second leg of the these events usually is the biking part which really puts a lot of these contestants to the test . each competitor is given a number like we see here worn in his shorts area and it appears that many of the more well know competitors have sponsors . only a world class athlete can win one of these races and even finishing one is a huge feat to be proud of and while this man may not be running right now , he is still not too tired to hold up the stars and stripes to show his patriotism .
there were a lot of kids at the party yesterday . they had a great time eating food . they also made gingerbread houses . they had a great time . afterward we went to go see the christmas parade .
we went to look at the rocks on the beach . the boulders on the shore had been worn smooth . they were rounded by the pounding waves . it was hard to believe , because in some places the water seemed so calm . from a distance , the shore hardly seemed touched .
today we took a trip to the zoo . we saw exciting architecture , this place has wonderful buildings . we saw a penguin at the zoo , such an interesting animal . we also saw a polar bear , one of my favorite animals . they even had fun head in hole boards . look at the face he 's making , he 's so goofy .
[male] and i went on a vacation . we brought our pet seagull [male] . we saw beautiful beach mountains . we saw yellow seaweed too ! [male] ate way too much and grew a beard . it was a good vacation .
here is a clear rock with an abstract pattern . we are hard at work , sculpting . here is an arrowhead that she made . this canoe looks refined . this canoe still has yet to be painted .
today we finally went and checked out uncle ricks flea market . as expected there was tons of junk on top of junk . but thats not to say there wasnt some hidin gems in the rubble . aswell as some really weird unmentionables . my wife even got to hold a parrot on her shoulder . we will be returning .
i went for a charity swim on the beach today with my daughter . the water was extremely cold . my daughter took a picture of me because i look so much taller then everyone else on the beach . from where we 're standing on the beach , you can see the ferris wheel beautifully . they gave us a shirt and certificate for diving into the cold water .
he was dressed for the occasion . walking with a purpose . looking sharp . he knew what he wanted . the shades brought it all together .
we took a trip to location this past week . we were able to see the famous soldiers with the furry black hats . unfortunately , it was raining . we saw many historical buildings . there was even a giant ferris wheel .
the town decided to have an art contest in the red brick building . numerous works were submitted into the contest . there were many different categories to judge on . the judges walked through the exhibits and made their selections . this art piece was the winner among 50 other entries .
it was sunday so naturally everyone headed to church . it was a small congregation so there was n't much of a choir . but it was definitely a lively bunch . they sang their hearts out . and after a riveting performance , the lead priest gave a special sermon .
we took [female] to the gay parade . [female] gomez was there and she made everything fun . everyone was dressed up in creative costumes . hats were a big focal point . i accidentally ripped my dress but my hat was the focal point anyway .
hi , my name is [female] and i adore nature . i love the texture of these leaves , so soft in my hand . natures can really make anything beautiful . we met people that shared our interests . we cleaned up the trail , keeping it nice and peaceful .
on our trip to location , we found ourselves in a great vantage point . we could see the space needle ! we could sit and relax while watching the city lights below . we were joined by friends . we all enjoyed the hookah .
making dinner tonight for my friends and family ! got all the good spices prepared ! chose some really delicious wines to go with the food . bake a glorious looking cake . all of us sitting down at the table about to eat !
my doofus husband waving at me . my back hurts . why did he make me carry the camera ? disgusting ! we 're not french ! i told my husband i found something more slimy than him ! we came across this field full of nasty yellow flowers , and my allergies just started acting up . then , there were these mineral out-croppings rockier than our marriage . when i thought our trip could n't get any worse , i saw this . totally in the middle of nowhere and no cell reception !
we went out for a hike today . there was nobody else there . nobody for miles . we ran into some wildlife . we were pretty tired at the end of the hike , but very happy .
it was a snowy day and i did n't have to go to work . i decided to go on a walk while listening to music . i went to a restaurant and ate some food . later , i went to a meeting with some friends . we talked about flowers .
my husband enjoyed his drink . he enjoyed it to much he has a second drink . i really liked my cocktail too . i finished it in no time . then we walked to our next destination .
my day to start with some relaxing on a bench while enjoying the view . then i plan to go to the beach to relax some more . then we will head here for a nice quiet dinner . followed by a little shopping . ending this great , relaxing day with a treat .
walking up the cobblestone way we soon will be entering a special place . this statue is so life like even in modern times . creativity describes this combination of a human face with the body of an animal . stately and magnificent are ways to capture this estate . the privacy fence is fashionable and adorning .
we did n't expect such beauty outdoors . the bridge was all i thought it would be . the view of the water were amazing . the bridge was breath taking . we all agreed the food was fantastic .
the hiking trail was filled with beautiful trees . the water was so clear , you could see the right through it . she was having a wonderful day . she was very proud that she could walk on the plank . halfway through the hike they took a break .
the father is preparing the living room for the kids to watch the teletubbies . the kids are running over to watch the teletubbies . the teletubbies are entertaining the kids . the sun baby is laughing at the teletubies . the kids are all over-joyed with having watched this show !
my friends loved to have get togethers on the weekend . my uncle lived in a great house in a great little village . my father met us there frequently as well . my brother had already been at the pub and ordered us all drinks . before i stepped in i found these beautiful birds on the roof .
we brought in food that people have on new years from other places . we put a pin on the map for each area we represented . people from different cultures spoke about their customs . we ate different foods from just about everywhere . it was a fun day for all of us .
i was looking forward to spending the day with my girlfriend . as soon as i saw her walking across the park , i got even more excited . we both love animals , so we had to smile when we saw this dog on our way to the amusement park . i convinced her to ride with me on the organization wheel , and we had such a great time . the best part was watching the fireworks go off when we were at the top of the ferris wheel !
took a trip to see a different side of location location and headed to location . they were offering medical marijuana in plain daylight . i thought about getting a tattoo but decided i had better wait . i found my way into a shop with all sort of crazy things . i ended the day with a beautiful shit at sunset . it was a very interesting trip .
a quick photo is taken before the family loads up into their car . once they have arrived , the group walks through the landscape . this group chats together while the rest explore other areas . one group member sits atop a set of stairs , overlooking festive balloons . in the end , the group returns to their original spot and rest atop more stairs .
this concert was certainly a momentous occasion . there was a guy who had a hawk with him . he also had other birds as well . this bird was huge , bigger than my child ! the owl was my favorite bird .
after watching the tour de location , we were inspired to take an advanced bicycle class . first we negotiated a series of tricky green cones . i swear they kept moving ! we all got in a line behind the instructor for some advanced cornering . one of the riders got a bit carried away and rode the wrong way . after an hour we were all exhausted . except for this one guy who had way too much energy .
it was a nice day in a beautiful city . the streets were paved with stones and lined with bright trees . a beautiful church stood in the middle of the town . there were also interesting statues . one building in town was very regal and full of windows .
i did not like my old church so i decided to attend a new one . the preacher got up and gave the sermon was so much emotion , it is not what i am used to . after the sermon all the gospels began , this church had their very own band . the way that they sing moved my soul . i am so glad that i made the decision to switch churches .
the faculty of the school were on hand to hand out awards to the different teams . each team member was awarded a certificate for their participation . they also did team photos for the yearbook and to give to each member of the teams . the kids were so proud of their hard work . even the younger ones shared in the excitement of the day .
i wanted to show off where i work . i am an artist and this is my gallery . it is full of art . it has a lot of cool pieces to choose from . i even have a great view from my art office .
full day at the mall ! biggest christmas tree ever ! waterfalls are pretty me in a bulb ! last stop of the day
we decided to walk to downtown . we passed by some buildings with interesting architecture . finally we got to the beach . we walked barefoot through the sand . afterwards we got an ice cream cone .
everyone is gathered for the night race more people start to come and waiting for the race to start everyone is waiting and still coming people start to practice and then they start
the beads swayed with each step she took down the street the little boy in his costume watch his mother while she talked to her lover . the child looked at me with intent . i did not know how he saw me , but we met eyes none the less . the drums played to the beat of the soul . i felt it deep inside of me while i watched the sticks pound the drums . it was a lively day . the drummers played with such love for their craft that we all started dancing in the streets .
i was excited the for the parade today . i even designed my bestfriends ' kilt . i was so proud to carry the the flag . we could n't wait to start the fireworks . people has a really good time playing with the sparklers .
it was a beautiful day on the east side of town the dogs and people were playing in the park the girls decided to take a picture next to the statue the christmas festivals begin outside they all gathered around to enjoy the festivals
we went to the botanical gardens on a beautiful spring day . all of the flowers were in full bloom . there were beautiful structures to relax in when you got tired . the decor was amazing and worldly . the flowers were definitely the star of the show though , and seemed to bloom in every color .
location 's village was ready for visitors . there were many location ornaments . two full cabinets full . this location is playing music . sant has hung it up for the day
i went to visit a sheep farm in the countryside . the sheep are sometimes kept in a corral . but they often graze in lush green pastures like this one . when the sheep went to the pasture , the shepherd and i slept in this hillside hut overnight . both the shepherd and i found this view beautiful when we got up in the morning .
we spent the day climbing the mountain . by the end of the day we were ready for a break . the next morning we spent some time taking in the sights . that evening we stopped off at a place that had a great view of the mountain . at night time when all the lights are on you can see the absolutely amazing view .
i had a great time on vacation last week . i stayed at a great resort with a spectacular view . some of my friends came with us . we saw a lot of the local city when we went on walks . in the evening we would relax in one of the local restaurants .
today was the day to take the frigid plunge . there were many people lined up to partake in this event . afterwards it was very cold so i made sure to get dressed immediately into warmer clothes . there were carnival rides and food stands set up . i received a shirt as well as an award for completing the task .
the toen was ready for entertainment . the play was ready to start , the girls were dressed and ready . the lights make the building look good . night time in a city is amazing .
outside of the facility aloe plants were everywhere . beautiful statues depicted children playing in a pond . there was even a bronze statue that was as tall as the buildings . inside there were works from nearby artists . some of the art held a special and secretive message .
[male] decided to travel around location . along the way he found the great clock tower . he had the opportunity to climb it , and it was awesome . he also traveled out into the countryside and found some great abandoned structures .
i was on vacation last weekend . there were a ton of decorations . everything was beautiful . the restaurants had a very nice atmosphere . i really enjoyed it .
[male] and his friends went fishing yesterday . [male] and his brother think their the best fishermen around . the group finally found the perfect spot to cast their lines . [male] caught a fish before anyone else could get a chance to get a bite . [male] had a great time in the great outdoors fishing with his buddies .
the guest of honor blew out the candles on the cake . they all went up on stage for a group sing-a-long . they did quite well and really showcased their talent . there was even a comedian that performed . it was a fun night , as the the host took the stage at the end .
i felt like going through the backyard today . i do n't have a lot of plats . but the ones i have are nice . the fence leads out right into a street . i headed back toward the house . i noticed a hole in the foundation that needed to be fixed .
went to a european costume party . this is a cute little geisha girl she 's an 80 's rocker . this is raggedy ann she 's a doll . these are garden gnomes marching down the street . this si [female] the sausage queen .
it was a clear day yesterday . i went for a walk and saw many curious things . i went down to the port . there were a lot of markings on the walkway . i wonder what they mean .
refinery is the main business in this town . people may complain about the oil business -- about its hazards -- but this town and this people survive because of the oil business . [male] and miles of flat open space . thank god there is wealth hidden beneath the earth . we have learned to live in spite of polluted water . you get accustomed to the smell , and drink bottled water . we have a quiet social life . nothing fancy . the oil business has too many fluctuations to build something fancy .
we had a cookout on the river yesterday . all my friends went swimming . we went fishing for the one that got away . the grill was full of food to eat . when night fell , we were exhausted .
it was christmas day . everyone was wrapping all of their gifts family was laying around and having fun . mom was in the kitchen cooking . everyone had a great day .
my sister promised to get off the phone after one last text . time to party ! these two were drunk not long after they arrived . he switched to coffee . the man of the hour sandwiched in between two beauties . he tired of posing for pictures and wanted to take some himself . my cousin showed off his new tattoo . he ca n't afford color yet !
the presentation started with a bang . the troop really impressed the crowd . all the kids had a chance to present . some kids presented one-on-one . fun was had by all .
relaxing and listening to the sound of the birth , i love this feeling preparing food for the birthday party , it looks delicious cant wait to eat pretty eyes of my dog , looks scary but a good dog salad for dinner waiting for the rest of the guest to come before we eat water falls calming i cant wait to swim and relax
halloween is a time for costumes . nothing like a bag head to brighten the day ! these costumes are from the wild side . space invaders or are they wannabe types ? be protected .
we arrived to the church.. it was completed in 1618.. however , construction begin in 1607 . the church was beautiful and littered with statues ... and , a large cross adorned the top .
i 've been hiding in this bush for days in order to sneak into someones house . i 've been waiting for the perfect moment to sneak in , everyone is gone so it 's time to strike . i ca n't jump this fence it 's too high for me to climb . the door is locked , i have to find a different way in . i broke some of the foundation and can crawl inside from the basement . success .
we went to spend the day at the location location . on the way back we saw that there was an accident . luckily the people in this car did not seem to be hurt . there was somebody who had to be removed from the other car , in a stretcher . i am really proud of the work that was done by the emergency personnel in this situation .
they are about to cut the ribbon . this is a plaque to what they are celebrating . this man is the head of the department leading this event . there are others who believe in this cause , and are willing to help where they can . people are interested and want to help with what is happening .
i decided to go for a hike . i was n't familiar with the area , so i paid a lot of attention to where i was putting my feet . at one point , i almost stepped on a giant mushroom . it was slimy and gross . it smelled a little odd , too . the trail i was walking led to a small cabin in a clearing . the cabin looked old , but it was actually a new building designed to look old . it served as a mechanical room for a cell tower .
it was interesting to see people reading while they walked . the city was busy during the morning commute . the buildings made a great backdrop at night when they lit up . the buildings were some of the tallest in the world . the buildings could be seen for miles and miles away .
today i gathered and organized my book collection . call of the loon was one of my favorite books when i was a kid . at first i had trouble sorting out all the books in my collection . after a while it became easier to sort and organize all my books . i even sorted by category like science .
[male] is at a parade . he sees this weird looking person dressed funny . he then looks at these people like they are crazy . [male] does not like the parade and whats to leave . but people in yellow shirts stop him .
on a trip through a quaint village . with the ubiquitous church . just a dirt road going through the mountainside . what a sight . this tree must get pummeled by the wind . posing on the rocks . we hiked up to this majestic sight .
the group of friends went skiing together one weekend . they had a wonderful time breaking rules . a hollowed tree trunk was found on one of the trails . all were exhausted after such a crazy day in the snow . they headed back for their homes .
for the holidays sit home with the family and enjoy tv . next , get out and play a sport activity such as tennis with family . put some of the most delicious food on the grill . maybe spend some looking at pictures and postal in your office . last , get a good feel of your trophies from all your hard work .
these men are touring the town and find many unique things . there are many fresh markets available on the streets . the buildings are very colorful . most buildings are full of paintings , graffiti and art which makes the city full of expression . their are little characters set in the street by one artist that adds character and something different .
our day at location location before it became no more . the roller coaster we came for- the famous cyclone . the wonder wheel made us wonder why we went on that ride . we didnt feel so good after that one . no trip would be complete without a feris wheel ride . the day ended with a walk along the beach .
recently , i bought a restored muscle car . i decided to take it on a road trip to see what it can do ! i took route 101 , a big highway so i could really see how the car runs . i drove for a while , and saw alot of amazing sights ! i decided to stop in location location . i parked by the golden gate bridge and decided to head back home .
the city lights are amazing ! everything was lit up and twinkled in the night . this is very interesting . i still have no idea what he was doing ! we all loved the asian decor . it gave everything a very regal feel . dinner was delightful . i love the food and all the interesting flavors .
the road trip to the wedding my family went on was so long that my mom 's work , the library , actually took a group photo before we left . the whole family came in two big camper vans . we went to lots of state parks as we worked on our coast to coast drive . when we got to the location location , we took small group photos to celebrate . the wedding was beautiful but we did n't really want to get back in those vans !
the ocean is so calming . let 's just stay here all day . we took a walk down the beach looking for shells . came across this sticking out of the sand . no clue what it is or what was written on it . we kept walking . that is a big rock for this beach . wonder who is putting this stuff here . what in the world is that ? i did n't know anyone lived here , but i 'm not sticking around to find out .
i visited the sea one weekend and found a bunch of shells . the sun was setting over the water and was absolutely gorgeous . in town , i found a large multicolored tent set up . i ate at a place called captain [male] 's , which served seafood . the seafood came with sides and was delicious !
the beautiful guest of honor arrives to celebrate her big day . this gathering of friends is enjoying the birthday celebration . everyone does the happy dance at the party tonight . this simple yet beautiful cake suits the guest of honor perfectly . she is ready to cut her cake , and hopefully not anyone else !
before leaving for our trip to the lake the family poses in a yearly tradition . of course , we remember [male] who we miss very much . [male] loves to play with his kids wh are getting big fast . always the jokester , [male] gives ears to his brother . we had to tell [male] not to drive after drinking .
we were so hungry we stopped at the first place we saw where we could eat . it turned out to be a nice looking bakery . the food was not that expensive . they were making the bread where all of the customers could see it . it was a great bakery and i 'm going to recommend it to all of my friends .
we all got together to celebrate [male] 's birthday today . [male] turned 35 today and got lots of presents . i gave [male] a card that was very funny . [male] is a true all american man . he got several shirts that represented the location .
they were so excited to finally make it to the statue walk . [male] bought tickets for it months on advance . the first stop was the lock installation at the bike shop . next , the statues outside the organization organization . then the art near the fountain in the park , where they stopped for lunch . finally , the coup de grace , the ice sculptures in the garden . what a wonderful day of walking !
at the sports day a lot of people brought coolers and stuff . i noticed this guy had a cute butt . there was also a organization tent there but it was n't much fun . and i passed this guitar hero duel with two cuties playing . aunt [female] painted kids faces there .
we are excited for a day at the amusement park . the rides where all excited . i love roller coasters ! i also really like shooting games . it was a great day .
my friends convinced me to go on an evening bike ride . i typically take my hummer everywhere at night , so this was a big change . i made a number of stops along the way , including a stop at a chinese food truck . the food was great and i completely cleaned my plate . once i was full i hopped back on my bike and cruised into the night .
the owner of a animal rescue got ready for the big day . she was taking her rescue animals to an adoption event . there were dogs , cats , and horses all waiting to be adopted by loving families . their was a big turnout . many of the animals were adopted out . even [male] the greyhound was adopted . it was a successful event .
the cross with the sunset and the cross from a far distance still with the sunset and birds flying happily around while the sun goes down , while they try to get to the destination then the sun finally goes down
the young girls in the village very excited that day . banners were on all the lamp posts . however , by afternoon the streets were empty of humans . the great bull was ready to run . the bulls would run around the square and the pedestrians would run along with them .
a couple of rich guys decided to race . one had a red car that was very fast . a white car showed up out of nowhere . a blue car made its way to the track . the last racer was a motorcyclist from location .
here we are playing hide and seek . john looked cool staring out to the ocean as twilight came we had fun on the beach john thought he was king of the world . as we were leaving the island .
i finally visited location location . just like in the pictures , many places had balconies . this kind of thing is typical for location location . they often watch mardi gras from balconies like this one . they are always having some kind of festival there .
we were ready for our annual get together . a lot if friends showed up . the food was prepared . the drinks were mixed . then we danced the night away .
people attended a wine tasting tonight . there were elaborate desserts to sample . there were also samples of salad for more health-conscious people . the main event was the wine sampling where several wineries were represented . the party was a huge success and people had a wonderful time .
christmas was going well for the children one got a huge gift ! the dad got a horse head and the mom got a book . everyone had a good time .
the family just moved into a big mansion last week . one of the best parts of the house is the flower garden . there are gorgeous purple flowers everywhere . among the purple flowers , there are also bright yellow flowers . the mansion is surrounded by a stone wall .
i saw some fireworks while on vacation . i like it when they fire several at a time . this is your typical firework . i prefer the more unusual ones . i especially like the grand finale .
we traveled by train to the town . then we came to a small pond in the park . there were many geese around . when we came to the town there were many people . there was also a marching band that marched down the street .
he trained everyday for the competition . riding his bike up steep hills . on the day of the race he felt prepared for anything . riding over this log was the most difficult part of the race , requiring such balance he was n't sure he could do it . in the end , he finished in first place .
it was the first day of christmas break and [male] was so excited . he and his sister were finally going to do all the things they wanted to all year . [male] was the first friend they invited over . [male] while playing a game of hide and seek could n't find [male] . [male] magically reappeared and then the game continued on into the afternoon .
the kids had the day off school for snow , and we decided to make the most of it . we bundled them up from head to toe . first , we went sledding . it took us a while to find a good spot though . next , they made snow angels . they were so happy with the end result . they decided snow days were the best days ever .
location location is so beautiful we saw many memorials and museums and the crowds began to ride in for the celebration . he was exhausted from the day out on the town but we all gathered together as the sky turned dark .
a man and his dogs are walking to the beach . along the way they pass the `` go fish '' seafood restaurant . then they pass `` dolles '' salt water taffy store . they know they are close when they pass the old rusty ship . finally , when they arrive at the beach , the man chats with a friend as the dogs run off to play in the sand .
there was a colonial parade this weekend . a highlight of the parade was all the royalty floats . each club in town had it 's own representatives . lots of pretty dresses . and lots of waving !
celebrating new years around the world . the worlds map , and the countries celebrating new year . different cultures performing . different varieties of food . presentation of food and cultures on new years day .
i went for a walk early in the morning today . as the sun came up , i could see the lake in better detail . other people started arriving to enjoy the day . once the sun was up all the way , i spotted a building down the beach . i walked a little closer and found people enjoying some kind of festival .
we walked along the train tracks as we started exploring . the station had a red door with the paint peeling off . next we passed by a tall water tower . we headed into town . the town had a beautiful church with unique architecture .
the river was pretty silent and serene as we walked along it . it reflected lights from the houses . we met up with the rest of the town at the assigned meeting spot . the major made a speech and then she lit a lantern . she then placed it into the river and watched it as it floated away . others started lighting up lanterns and it was the start of our annual floating lanterns festival .
today i went out for a day on the road i saw funny sides outside of businesses later , i saw an 18 wheeler driving down the road it pulled into an empty lot and set up an event i parked my car and went to the event
we decided to attend the oxford festival . there were many street performances going on . there were some pretty talented people doing interesting things . there was great music , too ! the event drew a huge crowd and was a lot of fun .
everyone was eager to make introductions . and young members of the community were awestruck . back inside people were mingling . a group picture was taken but so many people were there many were left out . too of the big wigs met later on in the evening .
friends were gathering together for an outdoor/indoor fundraiser . the fundraiser was sponsored by budweiser . everyone is inside paying for some items . at the fundraiser , two friends are enjoying themselves . the guy made the day with his impressive unicycle skills
my friend and i visited the shore of a location country . we walked on the ridge and looked out over the white buildings of the town . the water was beautiful , and we were able to get close to it on the pier . nearby , an old rusting freighter had run aground and was abandoned . at night , the place took on an ethereal quality .
[male] walked over to [female] 's place to visit . they sat around for awhile before deciding to go take some pictures outside . [male] took one picture and [female] reminded him to put the polarizing lens on the camera . [male] took his first picture and forgot to put the filter on . the next picture he took with the filter turned out much better .
bicycles are a great way to get around town , seems a lot of people like to ride bikes to lots of places . we rode our bikes to a nearby amusement park . after locking them in the bike rack , we spent the day having fun on the amusement park rides . on our way home from the park , we were tempted to stop here and see what all those other bikers found so interesting . instead , we enjoyed a cup of coffee at the bulldog and talked about the fun we had on the amusement park rides .
in the town square was holiday ice sculptures done and up for display.there were so many it was so interesting to see . snowflake ice sculpture on the ice wall.it was one of the smaller ones i did n't really care for but i still like it . one of the snoopy characters sitting on the bench.i loved snoopy as a kid . so many great sculptures to look at , i wonder how long they stay up or how long it takes to melt . this had to take a long time to make.i wonder how they did it.i love this time of year .
there were a lot of fireworks in the sky last night . i did n't know what holiday they were celebrating . they had a wonderful show . there were many different types of fireworks . it lasted for almost half an hour before it ended .
we got to the town hall meeting early and there were a lot of people here 's us watching the introduction me bondrit during intermission jacob and his son me and tanner taking a selfie together after the meeting
yesterday we had a company picnic event outdoors . there were a lot of people that showed up and signed in . the reception desk was very busy . the speaker delivered a speech to everybody there . everybody took a picture together at the end .
this bus hit the back of the car this afternoon . the police had to give the driver a ticket . it does n't look like a lot of damage . the bumper is going to have to be replaced . we had to take some things out because it 's not drive-able right now .
a couple on a nice vacation gets their first look at the hotel room . the man spent some time just gazing at the sea . the first morning they had a leisurely cup of coffee on the balcony . the sea was beautiful even though it was cloudy . the hotel 's swimming pool looked very inviting .
this is one of the most beautiful cities i have ever seen . only here will you see koala bears climbing trees right in front of you . the land is gushing with fresh waters and healthy trees . flowers of all kinds are plentiful . watching the sunset by the water is a great ending to every day .
getting ready to go on a major hike for the day . met up with friends on the hiking trail . came across this beautiful , bright cloud formation . setting up came for the evening after a long day of hiking . made it to the top of the mountain !
everyone was gathered outside for the town parade . the crowd was cheering as the floats passed by . there were a lot of people watching so we decided to move . we found a new place and got some great photographs of the floats . we had a great time at the parade , i ca n't wait to go next year .
i went to the beach last weekend . it was beautiful there . i had a great time . there were some beautiful plains nearby as well . i went down to the dock afterward .
i took a picture of my wife before our trip to the beach . i then got in the picture just to prove i was there also . the red flag was flying today so there was not a whole lot of swimming . the water was really rough with large waves washing ashore . the ocean calmed down a little by sunset .
i love to visit historic downtown wylie . the old mayor 's house is still in great condition . the century old church still has it 's services every sunday . i love to walk through the old cemetery and remember old friends that are gone . then i walk across the old bridge which used to be the only way in to town .
getting ready to open his birthday gifts . first he read a thoughtful card . then he received a christmas red cup . he also received a jean jacket . about to open his third gift .
the blue light on the wheel was mesmerizing . when the light turned green i was completely speechless . the city at night time is jaw dropping . the reflection on the lake made the scene really unique . i decided to make the last photo my screensaver .
a tenderloin is butterfly cut stuffed with herbs and cheeses rolled carefully sliced and fried and finally served with a side of risotto
you could feel the excitement of this years parade . the costumes alone were worth the wait . the spirit of the participants could be felt . the spectators were into it all . my favorite was the ordinary people whoe were into the spirit .
i saw a tower . it was in the city . i then took a train . to the lake . and saw some ducks .
the home had a dish satellite connected to the roof . there were many vacant homes in the area . some of the homes in the neighborhood needed major work . i went home to open my window for ventilation . the street was empty with no cars or people .
i love decorating for christmas . even untangling the lights has its appeal . hanging up the stockings brightens up the room . the tree topper finishes off the room . everything looks fantastic !
the baby is waiting for something to eat . the baby is looking at something intently . the baby has a lot of food on the tray . the baby is smiling after eating . the baby is getting cleaned up after eating .
tons of people showed up to watch organization film a commercial in our neighborhood . there were screens and flags and banners with the organization logo a bus was on hand for the crew . the crew brought lots of food and drink to the set . all this happened back in 2007 , but we still remember that day .
it 's girls night out and it is time for some fun for these girls . they get together dressed in their best to have a good time . they take pictures to remember their awesome night . girls night soon turns into date night as some guys start chatting with the girls . they soon realize girls night can be fun with guys too as they all sit laughing the night away .
the train look us to the location of the hike . the mountains we are hiking on are very high . even though the mountains are high , there are animals who make their homes up there . there are even trees growing alongside the mountains . when you look down , the view from the top is breathtaking .
my dad is taking a walk along the rocky beach . he closely examines artifacts he finds , everything from star fish to bottles . this is a collection of rocks that my dad picked up during his walks along the brach . he also collects and stockpilesdriftwood for bonfires and cooking . here is a rustic sculpture created from driftwood found on the beach .
visiting the local observatory was quite a treat . these communication towers towered over the landscape . it took a lot of steps to get to the top of this tower . as the sun set the sky was aflame with beauty . there is no better way to end a day than with a sight like this .
we saw lots of helicopters today . that 's because fire danger was high . it even had nifty tail numbers . we could n't get any closer though . or the helicopter might drop a bucket on us !
the winter season has officially arrived ! we can no longer just get in the cars and drive off without spending at least 30min . clearing the driveway . nor can we safely walk in between houses ! so much snow that it 's just piling on our drain pipes . it 's hard to believe that grass is normally under all that snow near the sidewalk for most of the rest of the year .
this couple was ready to board the plane for their first trip . they were extremely excited ! they were able to see many beautiful scenery . they finally arrived in location after a long ride . the airport itself was amazing and they could n't wait to see the rest .
[male] was so excited to go to the park for the 4th of july celebration . i had to grab my camera for this cute smile . pure happiness ! granddad and [male] played around by the big tree . after playing at the tree , granddad showed [male] how to play with the toy . we later went inside the park building and [male] learned how to make gigantic bubbles .
some friends and i decided to get some lunch and explore the city ! we came across a lot of tiny electric cars . we later went to the museum . we came across this unique sculpture ! at the end of the day , we were exhausted so we sat down and chatted .
the parades were well done . we saw many well designed floats . the costumes were colorful and fun . the water tower float was the most unique . the day was festive and fun .
we traveled to visit a great city . the bridge was exotic and intricate . the farmer 's market was fresh and colorful . we also saw some funny looking cars . and nature was not forgotten here ; it was beautiful to sightsee .
this was her first taste of a cupcake . she loved her new play house . she had a lot of fun with the balloons . the whole family was there for this special day . i caught mom sneaking a bit of food .
the couple attended their first baseball game ever . she was so excited to be there she tried to meet every mascot . she even convinced him to be in a few pictures too . they even got to see someone from the team they were rooting for hit a home run . it was a great game , and their team won . they have officially become baseball fans .
a group of friends gather for a christmas party . two of them sit beside the fire place and keep warm . many of the others are cuddled up together on the couch . a woman washes the dishes that were used from the meal they had . they sit at the table and discuss how their lives have been going .
it is winter and there is a gorgeous scene going on in the woods . a man and his son sit on the edge of the hill by the water . the water is gorgeous and clear . in some areas the water is frozen . the mountains in the distance are gorgeous .
it was a good day on the dock . a small boat decided to have a day out . he went far out into the ocean . a bigger boat met up with the small boat . they rode off into the sunset together .
we arrived to the show with terrible seats ... however , that was n't going to slow me down . i started pushing and crawling and moving my way forward . before i knew it , i was down in front of the stage ... until , i was led away by security . it was fun while it lasted .
the girls are collecting easter eggs . they hid them all around the house . now they are running around to find them . they stuffed them with candy . who will find the most ?
my class is studying biodiesel . we are investigating how it can be used in more vehicles . we made presentations . somebody even brought snacks ! it is important to have good fuel in such a mountainous area !
the trip to organization land was great . the christmas tree was amazing ! the fairs wheel with mickey was my favorite . the lighting show was beautiful . the lighted city was beyond gorgeous .
during the trip , we saw a lot of cool things that looked neat reflected in the water . there was a lot a great scenery while driving through the country , lots of green ! there was even an awesome view of the dam . in the higher elevations we saw snow on the mountains . we decided to make an attempt at a cross-country trip through the snow .
it was the start to the annual easter egg decorating contest . one person entered in these two colorful creations . this was a favorite amongst the judges . a true artistic expression . the all seeing eye design captivated us . finally , the winner . everyone loved this one because of how many ways it could be interpreted .
our family vacation this year was to location , location . we saw spectacular sunsets each evening . lounging under beach umbrellas every afternoon is something i could get used to ! there were so many restaurants to try . the fresh seafood is simply amazing and i tried something new - collard greens !
at my brothers new place he has a great view of the big city . he lives in a wooded area but is so close to the city . i got to sit under the lights at a local stop place . we enjoyed the night air while smoking a little bit . i normally do not smoke but it was my birthday so i did .
tonight was the night the bearded boy from marketing had a group get together at the local bar . bearded boy decided to stand patiently by another coworker . he was very serious . after a spell , he just could n't stop his dancing shoes , and bearded boy took to the dance floor . later , after a few drinks , he started stumbling around at the bar . ultimately he was so drunk that he started a puppet show with his navel . here is the beginning of the show .
the family all went to this shop called location sweetness . we wandered on to this aisle and did n't really like anything except the pandas . that 's mom 's favorite animal ! then we came down to this aisle , `` aisle 3 '' , and i still enjoyed the panda aisle the most . i think that this aisle is mostly games , and my brother at home would like this ! he plays on games all day ! this aisle was the same ! bummer ! we should 've brought my brother . maybe next time !
we were able to reserve a table on the deck for our get together . it was a night off from dieting when this pizza was served . we somehow found room for dessert after our outstanding meal . birthday boy was very surprised and amused with the racy cake ! we were last last to leave the restaurant after taking tons of photos .
it was almost dinner time , the food was almost ready . the women had worked hard at putting out a great spread . the women gathered around to drink wine and gossip . then they ate their food . the poor dog was excluded from the party .
the parents had set up a new swing set for the kids before everyone arrived for the easter meal . the grandmother took a photo of the organization pitchers she had managed to hang onto for 20 years . the traditional bread with easter eggs cooked right into the bread was a big favorite each year . ham was served at the family 's easter meal every year without fail . all the guests brought an impressive array of dishes for everyone to eat .
what a perfect day to read on the beach . whenever i take a break from reading i can watch the families enjoying the sun together . or the clean colors of the beach buildings . or the birds flying in . it was a great day , but time to head home .
my town celebrates earth day every first of [female] . the first of [female] used to be called [female] day and celebrated the spring time and the arrival of [female] . our town just bought this truck for carrying recyclables to the processing center . the young people really enjoyed the songs about saving the location and recycling . most of the songs did not rhyme , but everyone was very enthusiastic .
this mother and her children are bundled up for their day in the city . these best friends enjoy their day together in the big city . even the dogs must bundle up to ward off the cold today . this woman knows how to effectively load up her bike after a day of shopping . one must sample the many foods available while visiting our city .
i love my collection of posters . i have a musical one . i have some old photos that are very cool . there is one of children and teachers in black and white i like the one where people are around a table .
the rally was something that i knew we would remember for a long time to come . it was important to me that we be part of it . there were many people there yelling and screaming . there were many beautiful sights to see . there were flags flying around everywhere .
we went to location for my cousin 's wedding . does n't she look beautiful ? we had time to see the sights while we were there . i thought this statue was interesting ! the views of the ocean were amazing ! after a day at the beach , my dad insisted on taking this picture with me ! and then we watched people out in the ocean from our hotel balcony .
the morning of the race , we greeted each other and exchanged our cards . the start of the race actually felt quite leisurely . at times , we were in a group and exchanged a few words as we sped along . at the end , it was all smiles as we all came to the end basically at the same time . the bikes looked like a pile of wreckage after the race when they were just parked there on the side of the road .
the day started off with a picture of mr. [female] the pooh bear and his christmas hat . we passed through the tallest lit tree , with colorful lights cascading through the tree . we saw beautiful lit rides that sparkled with fun . one had a large organization organization organization right in the front . we passed by the fountain that dances with any song . then ended out trip through location location red lit village .
the woods near my house are so pretty especially after the first snow fall its like a winter wonderland someday i would like to go up to the mountain there is an amazing castle i would go to
i decided to sell my crafts today . this one i made yesterday . it 's my favorite heart design . i 'm selling it for $ 5.00 . the next one i 'm selling for $ 8.00 . it 's a cool looking decorative heart . it took me 5 days to make . this cool set is $ 12.00 . i made the pot by hand and the heart took me 15 minutes . next i 'm selling these cool tags . i made them after the last set . they only took me 5 minutes . they are .25 cents apiece . lastly i made these tags from old toilet paper and my oven . they are $ 50.00 each . they are magical and make wishes come true .
i spent some time on the mission field in location . the lands were beautiful . i spend a little time in a peaceful village . the roads were dirt . there also was n't much water .
just another day on the farm ! our dog even enjoys the day with overcast clouds ! time to let him lose to enjoy the field ! our flower garden is coming along nicely ! gathered the family around for a fun day on the farm !
the stained glass windows each showed a different saint . they all look very strong and beautiful but i do n't have any idea who any of them are . they were built a long time ago and can be seen as you enter the church and look down the aisles . some of the walls had carvings on them too . they depicted hell . they are usually found above the doors .
there once was a city in utter disrepair from a lot of gang violence . the people of the neighborhood , took pride in their work and wanted to regain their community to reflect their pride . so they began to redecorate the city with colorful vibrant artwork all over the buildings . they even decorated the streets and sidewalks with artwork . within no time their city reflected the pride the citizens had within themselves , and they began to flourish as a tourist town .
it was a great day to get some work done they opened up and served customers right away they waited for more customers to come in they offered many treats and snacks here the boss is teaching the new employee how to work the machines
the friends are posing next to the ferris wheel . the rollercoaster banks around a corner . they take sometime to ride the kid ride and to share a laugh . the tilt o wirl is given a try . a closeup of a large plastic blue fish is taken .
we got ready for the housewarming party pretty quickly . my boyfriend is a great cook and can whip up a meal in an hour or less . we decorated the living room with christmas ornaments . laid items and futons all over the floor . and had a great time together with our friends .
the couple took several great shots . they lined up together in happiness and joy . then they became very sensual and hot . i told them a photo with the children was a must ! we all went to see a movie afterwords .
the race underway . some runners ran with their children . some even in strollers . others with umbrellas . the winners of the event .
first we saw a bridge . then had some fish and chips . then walked down to the beach . but a fence was in the way . so we looked at a boat instead .
a town was having a festival . there were some humorous parade floats . people were walking about , seeing the sights . everyone was having a great time . a band was also playing .
steps to cleaning a pan . fill the pan with soap and hot water . scrub and rinse the pan , front and back . use a screw driver or other utensil to scrape anything off the bottom . give it a good rinse with warm water , and you are done .
we took a trip to the beach ! here 's our little sister getting a good dig in . here 's the view of the hotel and local carnival . we hit the water , reluctantly , the water was cool , so we did n't get too much swimming in . we were n't the only ones to hit the beach , but i think the crawling through the sand was dramatic , unless it was for pretend . we hit the carnival for a while too and enjoyed the carousel !
we went to the beach today . it was very sunny outside . we went rock climbing . it was very fun . we had a great time .
we went to the car show . first we found a red car . then we sat inside a car with a white interior . we also got to see a mini-car . after that we stopped to have a few drinks .
night is coming and this house was being shut down its family as the fireworks were tonight . as the night got darker the street lights were coming on . in the distance you can see one firework go off . as we walk closer to town another firework has gone off . we have reached our seats and the fireworks were going off with such beauty .
my brother came to visit with his dog . i showed him my house . then he cooked me a dinner . then we ate , it was delicious . after dinner we watched a netflix movie .
my parents took us to the scottish coast for vacation this year . it was crazy . not a mile from the water , there were sheep farms . how do they keep the sheep away from the water ? the road signs were neat . they all appeared to be handmade rather than machined . we followed one of the signs down to the beach , were we walked along the coast . mom made me take this picture standing along the cliff line . it was a cool area .
as the sun began to set , the gathering crowd knew fireworks were on their way . the first burst came with red explosions . the next burst was yellow . soon after came a green and blue batch . the finale presented numerous explosions blasting in coordinated succession .
i went for a walk . i saw this cool building . what the heck kind of chairs are those ? this area is a dump . at least there some nice buildings .
we finally found the perfect theater for our dance recital . we had to audition some people for the parts . found the perfect costumes for them to wear . the choreographer prepared the dancers the best he could . it 's show time and the dancers are warming up before the big time .
we went to the beach and were ready for some sun . we walked and walked until we found a great spot . we set up our umbrella and relaxed for a few minutes . and , then we saw the bar and decided we wanted a drink . after a few hours , we departed and headed for home .
it is a birthday party and the apartment is decorated . stars are hanging down from the ceiling . the birthday boys starts opening his presents . he opens his next present it was something he really wanted . a view of the ceiling and staircase are amazing .
the woman was driving to vacation . she was following a very slow semi . she passed all kinds of strange buildings . she saw some very strange attractions . she arrived at her destination .
went out to the bar to check out vibe a really good local band . check put [male] on the drums . they talked [female] into playing a song with the band , she went all out . we were shocked . she did an excellent job .
the friends were going to explore the beach today . but first they needed to get some food . once they were down at the beach they began to relax . they walked around and saw a huge monster made of sand . at the end of the day , they headed home , happy with their activities .
it was lat afternoon when we arrived at the beautiful lake . we watched the sun set over the water . the next morning there was a gorgeous rainbow . we then went to an irish dance competition and watched kids perform . we said goodbye as the school bus drove the dancers away .
a family decides to take a train trip to a local beach . the conductor of the train announces that they are pulling out of station . the family enjoys the scenery along the train route . the family finally arrives at the beach and rents classic beach chairs . the family spends the rest of the day enjoying the beach .
i took a walk to the carnival today since it was a great day . my sister took this picture next to the cherry blossom tree . she even brought her dog with her . the ferris wheel was really pretty lit up . the night was ended with a firework show , we took lots of pictures of it .
grandpa used to race his bike all the time . the bikers would take off so quickly down the streets . the race would be so close you could hardly contain yourself . even just one second could determine the winner . your grandpa was one of the best bikers there .
we walked along the outdoor mall and saw this cute fountain . next to it was this statute that was a cross between location and socrates . we then took a stroll down to the beach . we watched the tide come in as the sun started to set . my husband enjoyed watching the water and the sunset .
there was a storm that got so bad it knocked over trees . a large brick building was completely demolished . trees were knocked down all around it . one tree barely missed a van . two officers showed up to keep people out .
we vacationed in location last month . we attended large events . we went ice skating . we saw beautiful buildings . we even saw a festival !
the rodeo starts with cowboys riding around with the flag . a gorgeous singer belts out the star spangled banner . the rodeo does n't go well . the animals are in top form and kick some human butt . [male] the bull does a front hand spring and launches his human into the stands . the bison want in on some of the human butt kicking action and break out of their cages .
[female] has decided to change her morning walk . so she leaves her little mansion and heads east . she follows the well defined trail to the old church and church tower . the exterior of church is beautiful with foliage . the entrance to the tower is impressive with its substantial architecture . she gets permission to go in and one of the people inside snaps her picture as she ascends to the top . so , in addition to her normal walking , she did some stair climbing also .
time for [male] to take a trip to the guinness storehouse . he went inside and was amazed by all the beer they had on the shelves . he just had to get a taste of one while in there . he took this picture from top of the building . it was a nice day at the guinness storehouse but it was time to go home .
we took a bus ride to go to the city . we got really bored at times . we got off the bus and it was all a frenzy . it was finally worth it when we got to the beach . we were so tired out at first . someone set up a volleyball net . i played but my team lost . we did have a lot of fun .
the kids were sitting in shooting practice . they had wanted to learn to shoot and today was their first day of lessons . they learned in classroom and set up things . then they began to learn to shoot . they were not so great the first time , but practice makes perfect !
a group of people hang around waiting for the pub to open . young people make their way to the pub to relax and enjoy themselves . many people are seen marching through the snow towards the place of establishment . inside people are seen drinking and socializing with their friends . some of the guys decided to take out some turntables to entertain everyone .
two cars drove around the track . the red car was in the lead . an older car was also on the track but farther behind . later on another red car took to the track . which was followed by a silver car . after the cars were done a lone motorcyclist got a chance .
we decided to take a day off with the family to see a model of the city . we were able to ride on a ferris wheel before we went . it was now finally time to go see . we were presented with a blue coin for entrance . we finally were able to see the play model of the city .
i will be wearing my special hat to take my family to see the parade . as i look around i see all the decorations . the town is ready for a celebration . my son is looking very dapper in his outfit for the parade . the drummers are warming up before they head down the street . what a great feeling of accomplishment . the crowd was so happy to hear us .
we rode the subway to get there . it looked really cool today . saw these interesting flyers . in the distance the rides were very bright . up close they were even prettier .
the father was so happy to look at his baby and take photos of it in the basket . the new mom was so happy with their new child .
tonight we went to a fancy asian restaurant . the first dish was fried crab . everything was prepared so perfectly . the shrimp look absolutely scrumptious . this plate of beef and vegetables is both delicious to taste and lovely to view . a cup of spicy soup really hit the spot .
on easter sunday we decided to decorate some eggs we had yellow ones pink and purple ones and some even had eyeballs . all together i think they were a great looking group of eggs . ca n't wait to hide them with the easter bunny
the ocean seemed ever expansive as the boat trudged along , its voyage entirely uncertain . on the side of the plane , the emblazoned logo told the gathered onlookers all they needed to know about who was manning the fleet . as the plane ascended , the view of the city took on an almost surreal quality . when the light switched to open that 's when the tourists were ready to explore the vessel . the midway logo was emblazoned on the side of the vessel , which took the patrons where they needed to go .
this was the first time i had seen my grandmother in ages , and she really went all out in celebration ! here 's me looking stoic , over her combined birthday/christmas cakes . this beautiful , home-made lamp was my going away present , when she presented it to me , i almost shrieked with joy . she sent me home with these toiletries and treats , too , i almost felt my eyes welling up with tears . i 'll forget a lot of things in life , but i hope i never forget my grandmother 's great party .
[female] was working hard . everyone at the office was ready to work . their day was just beginning . [male] stopped by to help do some work . he was in charge of organizing the folders .
[male] and his friend are out for a drink . they order some food to eat . [male] is really having a good time . they sit down and watch as a show is performed . the show is really risque but they seem to really like it .
the great flood had reached our house . we drove into the city on the one dry road remaining . ducks swam up to overtake our village . the river swelled its banks . the city walls were built high and strong to keep out the floodwaters .
this is two of my sisters , [female] and [female] . [female] got married last month . all of my sisters were at the wedding . [female] cut the wedding cake . they had fun force feeding the groom wedding cake .
my first motorcycle trip took me through location . i went through a town that was having a celebration for the holiday weekend . it got too out of hand and the fire department was called to clear the streets . i took that as my cue to head out and go back to the hacienda . where i met up with my fellow bikers to plan our next road trip .
my friends and i went to a comic con . we dressed up as mario characters . they even had some toys for sale . everyone was really into it , and they all dressed up . my favorite costume was darth vader . at the end we watched a play .
the family went to the beach to see the sunset . it was a beautiful day ! there were a lot of people sitting in the sand . our dog enjoyed the trip , too ! then we came home and had a delicious dinner !
today was a birthday celebration for a father and son . the excited son got to blow out his candle first . the father blew his candle out next . the happy father served the cake . everyone enjoyed the festivities .
this is our miniature schnauzer [female] . this is our maltese [male] . we took them with us to our vacation in location . they loved the long walk we took to enjoy the beautiful scenery . however they were scared at night when the locals lit fireworks during a celebration .
we drove up the driveway towards the english manor , our new summer home . the manor is a big tan house with a white picket fence . we were met outside by my uncle [male] and his husband [male] . we went inside for refreshing drinks , and talked the night away . but the whole time , we had no clue that there were two peacocks on the roof , eavesdropping on every word .
i had to wash the pan today . i really did n't want to but i had put it off forever . i took the pan and placed it in the sink and ran some water over it . i turned it over so the bottom could get wet too . then i placed it into the sink and left the water running over it .
we recently vacationed in location . we spent some time walking along an ocean facing cliff . we also spent some time in the city . we stopped to watch a trio perform . i was happy to see how much music there was in the city . at one point , during lunch , we were able to listen to an old man with his acoustic guitar ! moved by the music , my boyfriend wanted to visit the cliffs once more to witness nature 's music , the sounds of the ocean crashing upon the shore .
i would be smiling to if i carved that ! another very creative carving . a snowflake ! a lot of folks came out despite the cold ! this was on the last day .
i came back from the grocery store with all of the ingredients that i need for my recipe . i 'm going to make a lot of food tonight . i invited everyone over for dinner . it took me a couple of hours but i eventually finished making everything . it all looks very good and everyone had a great time .
upon arrival , we decided to take a picture when we seen the estes park sign . after arrival , we decided to go ahead and set up camp . the camp site was now for a nights stay . we walked about 150 feet from our campsite to scope out a mountain for tomorrows hike . finally , we wrapped up the day by setting up a picnic for the three of us .
the family went to the harbor for a holiday get away . there were n't a lot of boats in the water that day . the scenery was breathtaking . i wish we could have gotten on a tour boat . in the end it was a nice slow peaceful day .
this girl is happy and beautiful ! this llama looks crazy ! what a great time at the fair ! this clown is so funny and entertaining ! what a beautiful and lit up sight !
there was bob wire along the roof line of the building . iron bars were welded to the inside window sills . there was also iron bars on the outside of the windows . the security of the building was intense . there was also barb wire along the surrounding fence of the building . no one was getting in or out .
the golden lamb water jet , a story of [male] christ . statue of [male] christ carrying his cross . statue of [male] christ on the cross . [female] crying and mourning the death of her son . [female] in [male] 's tomb after being crucified .
early morning , time to get the hot air balloon ready for the ride . almost ready , just a little more to go . the first balloon of the day is in the air . there go two more ; ca n't wait to join them . here we go , time to take off and join the group for a fun balloon ride !
my friend and i are taking a road trip to see gwar , awesome band ! we decided to stop for a swim break . we 're not supposed to enter the fountain though . my friend [male] is kind of a rebel and walked in the fountain . soaking his feet really cooled him off , just enough for us to get on the way . we got in a wreck when we started driving again , [male] died .
a car is engulfed in flames after crashing into a tree . the fire rages as it clouds the tree to the rear . two firemen arrive and adjust the hose . they spray the car with water and begin to put out the flames . the flames are extinguished as the smoke clears and the men assess the situation .
we took a walk down the pier today . we stopped here to eat . we toured this taffy place . we watched the boats . it was a fun day .
a bright gray sky hung over the town all day . the people went about their business as usual . the sky started to grow darker over the houses . it looked like it would rain over the tower . people cleared the roads in preparation for the rain .
it was st. patrick 's day . the friends pregamed at this man 's house . they danced . later they went to the bars . they posed for funny pictures .
nice day for a beauty contest . the town was out to celebrate . the girls were eager to win . some just enjoyed being there . the winning girls were in one area . even younger girls were able to compete and even win !
the fireworks over the city were amazing . they light up the city and sky . this one was really cool..red , white and blue . i liked this one . it was so pretty . oh wait , i think this one is my favorite .
i took some pictures from my family 's bbq last weekend . we made hamburgers into little star shapes . my wife is ready for the attack ! my dad is trying to touch my food . do n't touch ! the sunset afterwards was so beautiful .
this is me , hi ! i went to zappers last night with some friends . that 's them behind me . here 's the room we were in . little [female] was there for a little while . she was adorable but would n't look at the camera for me . later on i found gizma and [female] talking about man problems . towards the end of the night [female] and john-boy wrestled and she beat him every time !
the fair was featuring many attractions and events . the people were resting after seeing the attractions . the animals are too resting after a long day . as the people exist they witness some flowring plants . and proceed to eat some junk food as it is customary .
my first plane ride and i had to pick a small plane . the pilot tells me it is very safe but i 'm not convinced . we are ready for take off and all i can do is shut my eyes . [male] finally got me to open my eyes and the view was amazing . the flight turned out fine but i was so happy to get my feet back on solid ground .
a young man did a photo shoot in the park today . he had some pictures taken as he was walking . he tried to look casual . but he still wanted to look cool . for his final look , he put on a organization organization shirt .
the fireworks show was spectacular . there were so many colors . i had a great time watching . some were very unique . afterward we went back home .
the man was looking down as the people were coming . they saw the train and they got on it and looked outside .
we had so much fun at the new years party . there were a lot of fireworks . the fireworks were so pretty to watch in the sky . afterwards the streets cleared out pretty quickly . it was as if no one had ever been there .
i held a party at my apartment today . many of my friends and family arrived . we took the time to make some food together . we even had some brewed beer to serve . overall , everyone had an amazing day .
the child sneaked in the room while his parents slept . he finally got a chance with those toys . a basket was there too , it was his brother 's . with the net from the basket he decides to catch his brother . his sleeping father is oblivious and he takes advantage .
i like decorative vegetables . like this watermelon . and this guys . or this funny bloke . and this unrelated dolphin !
everyone gathered around for the cat show . many brought their cats in hopes of winning a prize . this cat received a lot of attention . the judges inspected the cat for points . a winner was chosen before the night was through .
it was [male] 's birthday today . his girlfriend was thrilled to be there for him . his brother bought him two mugs , since he loves coffee so much . [male] 's mom was very serious about the present opening . [male] was just happy to be with all of his family .
people made stuff for the holidays . someone made a fancy clock . other people made their own stuffed hearts . they had gift tags ready to go too . some people were even getting ready for easter .
for my friends and i , christmas is the party holiday ! even location gets in on the action . we like to drink it up . and it does n't hurt to get a little silly . everyone has a fun time and a very merry christmas !
i just put my house up for sale . it 's a great house . i cleaned and fixed everything before i put it up for sale . i made sure all of the rooms were spotless . i 'm going to be sad to see this house be sold .
grandma decorates grandpa 's birthday cake in preparation for his birthday party . there are many beautiful decoration 's at grandpa 's party . dad decides to record the entire party with his digital camera . great grandma cuts a piece of cake for her great grandson . at the end of the party , grandpa blows out his candles and prepares to eat some cake .
went ice skating in location . the crowd was extremely large . they seem to take this sport very seriously there . i could not believe how beautiful the rink was . we also went to a rock concert .
the room was full of interested citizens . the men took a photo for keepsake . the brothers were happy to be apart of this movement . everyone was all smiles , outside . mother and father attended as well .
in the remote village , things may appear different than people of the location are accustomed to , but in reality many things are still quite similar . due to the difficulty of getting supplies to the remote location , tents and other temporary structures are used . here a teacher is telling a story to the children about their culture . later in the day , a different instructor teaches the children the basics . here , the children are seen taking notes . school is over for the day and the children are quite happy to have free time to play .
i went on an island vacation and stayed at a bungalow . here is another view of my room . it looks quite pretty through these red and yellow leaves . here is the view outside the back door . there were some scary decorations here but they made for a great photo .
the boat looked very inviting from a distance . though it was a lot of work to get ready . saw this lovely bird out on the water . and some beachgoers having fun . the day was crowded with many others enjoying the fun day .
the outside of the catholic church has withstood the sands of time ... however , it does not compare to the painted window panes on the interior . stricken with beautiful color and amazing skill.. they can be scene from all over the church ... even from the very last pew .
the food covered the entire plate . the portion size of the food was more than expected . the atmosphere inside the local restaurant is not a traditional one . the organization organization has some of the best gourmet food . the view of the city off the coast of the river is beautiful .
the baby enjoyed his party . he played in his new house . he tried to eat a balloon . his sister and mom were there too . his shirt had to go in the laundry after cupcake time !
i love to visit the cathedral behind my house . the cathedral contains some sort of box that i 'm told is empty , but i remain very curious . tragically , the cathedral burned to the ground last weekend . one of the only things that survived the fire is this boat . now , instead of visiting the cathedral , i spend my quiet times on a park bench .
a picture of the certificate for baby [male] 's event . the proud grandparents took a nice photo together . the happy couple with baby and his auntie . here is the happy couple again with great grandma . a picture of the lovely cake for baby [male] 's special day .
there was a terrible storm yesterday . a tree was knocked over by the wind and landed on my car ! the windows of my house were blown out by the strong winds . the storm damaged many buildings taking away the roofs of some homes . trees blocked roads , damaged houses and cars , and took down power lines . after the storm the police were busy taking reports of the damage that occurred .
fireworks and the 4th of july and it 's beautiful . the different colors and shapes and sizes were amusing . this one is my favorite because of how big it was . the meaning of the fireworks are symbolic and have my respect . there was a big bang at the end and i loved it .
location location was the preferred destination for [female] . she was excited to go exploring with her friends , that she was supposed to meet at a popular restaurant . after waiting for a while she did n't see them . so she decided to call them and look for them on her own . she was having a hard time finding them and was getting worried .
family having organization organization at fun palace . one of the kids at birthday party riding on merry go round . another kid at the party look surprised . birthday girl sitting on fun car to pose for photo at fun palace . birthday girl ending last fun round with tele tubies .
people gather every year to celebrate oxford folk festival . some people dress up in funny outfits such as this lady in pink hair . one of the opening performances were people dressed in white and dancing to traditional folk music . other performers performed theatrical performances . everybody at the festival felt connected and had a great time together .
the award show tonight showed us some of the best and worst fashions of the year ; many women preferred sheer clothing . some of the men showed up dressed very casually . tight and sleek was another favorable option that many women chose . many of the men still preferred to dress nice yet casual . very few men wore ties , preferring the casualness of a jacket over a solid colored tee shirt .
finally got myself that new bike i 've been wanting . threw on a minimalist breaks to drop some grams . nice fancy 105 front group set shifts like a dream . so much better than my last bike . of course a nice machine like this should be kept indoors . i would n't want it to get rained on or stolen during my morning coffee .
we first went at the shores to get a closer look at the incredible view of the city . we can see the apartment we rented for the week . it has a great view . i took this pictures of the mallards . they enjoying the light breeze of the afternoon . i asked the local about this log , apparently it came from a old crusade boat that sinked here . this is where we sat and admired the vast location sea .
this was the young couple 's first time putting their new baby in the swimming pool . he was enjoying it immensely ! the sun and fun got him hungry though and soon it was time to eat . the messy boy was put in the high chair . and make a mess all over his face he sure did !
life underwater is exciting . there are several different types of fish , some who swim in packs ! there are also sting rays , but beware they do n't sting you ! on top of that , you can see several underwater plants that are all alive and use the water to breathe . it 's a fascinating ecosystem .
today we woke up to the best cafe spot ever . this drink tasted so delicious . my friends was spotted near by . it was time to order my favorite drink . now my boyfriend and i is enjoying this nice sunny day .
we had arrived at the hotel , ready to get a good nights sleep before going into town tomorrow . the next morning we went on a self guided art tour of the town . this particular piece is so realistic that many have called the police for assistance . there was also some more traditional art that we saw on our tour . my favorite art on the tour was some of the architecture that we saw on so many buildings , like this one . even our desert after the tour seemed to become a work of art . it had been a great day .
there was an after school sports activity the teams each posed for a picture each team consisted of boys and girls there was yellow and black teams and they all posed together one last time they had a great time
it was the last show of our play . we all went to celebrate . it was a lively affair . there was plenty of eating and drinking . most of us danced when the alcohol started to set in . here are our brave drivers . they where the best and did not have anything to inhibit their driving . they played foosball instead .
the family was together to celebrate [male] 's birthday . the dog was even celebrating . the family sat down to take a picture . all the aunts also wanted to have their picture taken . [male] played with all his new toys .
we took the girls to the county fair today . it had a special section for kiddie rides . the girls were so excited , it was hard for them to choose what to do . they held on tight with this spinning ride . they loved the car ride . their favorite ride was the last one they road . it was a roller coaster with a snake head and body . this made their day .
last week my class did a study of the beach . we looked at the grasses that grew on the dunes . some of them were very dry looking . others , however , were very lush and green . my class learned a lot about the beach that day .
three friends walked down a road in hopes of finding something adventurous . they came across trolley tracks in the middle of the street . a wedding was taking place at a nearby beach . we partied with the wedding couple the night after we first saw them . they had a picnic in the park to top-off a new friendship .
flowers were on display as well as other things at the easter exhibit . the exhibit contained giant colorful eggs with beautiful designs on them . some were swirls . other eggs had floral designs . while others had streamers of lines . each one was unique and beautiful .
we went on vacation to the city . the cathedral was massive ! the houses by the water were beautiful . we took a boat around the bay . back to our hotel !
today i went to church to help get the easter baskets ready for the children take a look at this great display i did for [female] after we made the baskets we painted eggs for the kids here is a surprise basket we did for [female] and here is [female] holding her basket in church . isnt it lovely !
our trip sites were amazing we were able to partake in rituals . really mom ? really ? hmmmmmm look at our hotel room - just outstanding there were people dressed in garb everywhere !
he knew he should n't have been texting and driving . he felt something hit the car so he pulled over and stopped . when he checked the damage he thought it must have been an animal . the tire rim was covered in debris . soon the tire was completely flat .
it was time for my bachelorette party . all of us girls got together at a local restaurant . to my great surprise and enjoyment it was a hibachi grill . we had an amazing time and great food . after we were done it was time to start the next leg of our journey .
friends gather for a cook out for the 4th of july . the gentleman is in charge of the burgers and dogs . friends gather to watch the fireworks . the fireworks seen the from the bridge . the grand finale for the holiday fireworks .
the city is gorgeous and has a back drop of a mountain . there is a man made waterfall in the center of the town . a large house is located near the water fall . the city is full of large building that house some of the most powerful business men . around the buildings are flower gardens .
the group gathered in the building . they all headed toward the main area . then the show began . after , people walked around conversing . after a few more pictures , we headed out .
it was an amazing trip , going back home after all of these years . the wall around the house was beginning to crumble . walking through the gate was like meeting an old friend . the yard is full of all of my family members that have gone before me . i sit out back and think about one day coming home to stay .
i went for a walk today . i followed my owner to the park . i waited while he took many pictures . we stopped to catch the view from the bridge . tired after a long day .
we were excited to watch the game . we posed for a quick selfie . our friends posed for a picture too . [male] was n't thrilled . we were on the edge of our seats when the players began to fight .
my mother is the matriarch of the family , the family gathers at her house . the kids like to play in the yard . afterward we have a family picnic . my kids look forward to these gatherings .
i was very proud of how my garden was growing the tomatoes came in nicely my cat always keeps watch over the garden the beautiful trees create just enough shade for the garden after working in the garden all day , time to enjoy a beverage
on our trip we saw many things including this funny sign . the local restaurant was delicious ! we also saw an extremely large bridge . the beach was beautiful and the waters were just right . we decided to take a picture together for memory .
grandma and grandpa took us to a biblical reenactment ! it was kind of scary on some parts . my grandpa told me that his cousin used to do these reenactments . when i seen these guys , i asked my grandma if those two men were peeing on the wall . also , ny baby cousin wanted to take a picture too so i let her and this is the end result ! all in all , good family fun !
party time ! everyone gathered today at this awesome restaurant . look at how amazing this pizza looked ! it tasted just as good too . sexy cake time ! got ta get creative when you get older . one of us had a bit too much to drink and couldnt put the glass down . here we are at the end of the night . do i look drunk ? it was a great time .
i recently took a trip to the big city . i was excited to ride the ferris wheel at night . after the ferris wheel i went down the stairs to the tram . i purchased a coin to ride the train . i then went to the wall and read the graffiti until it was time to get on the train .
on our trip to location we saw many different lit up buildings . experiencing the japanese culture was amazing . the houses in location are the awesome to see with their unique roofs . the city of location lights up at night like most cities . we got to see a model dragon sitting around the park .
i got lost in the woods last week . i followed a path and ended up in nowhere . i started taking pictures of all the trees . and even found mushrooms . there was a swamp so i turned back and finally found my way home .
the thespian group gathered to preform their play last night . the stage lighting was brilliantly done . the actors did a wonderful job on the performance . when the show was done , the actors congratulated each other on a job well done . they were happy to have done a good performance .
we went to the rodeo . they started the night with the flying of the american flag . then a woman sang the national anthem . the first bull rider of the night did n't last long . one rider landed on his feet after being thrown off . some rare buffalo made an appearance at the rodeo .
i went to visit my family last weekend . my brother was doing well . him and i were able to spend a lot of time together . i also got to see my mother . she was very happy to see me . i hope i get to come back and see them soon .
it was so exciting as everyone began to arrive for the party . great times full of good friends and good food . not to mention , good drinks . cheers ! it was a beautiful day to spend with friends . thankfully , someone remembered to get a picture . what a great looking group !
the parade was a celebration of firefighters and included musicians playing tubas . a few other cars were featured in the parade as well . some fire tucks were modern . a few fire trucks were historical . it was a nice day and everyone enjoyed themselves .
on a recent trip out of the country , i viewed an ancient leader of a country enshrined in his burial vault . the ends of the vault were brilliantly hand card . on the other side of the vault was a small chapel where people can silently pray . then we went to a local museum where we explored ancient artifacts . among the ancient artifacts was a boat that was hand crafted and used to do island to island fishing .
kiran lives in a small village in location . her home is in a large , but beautiful apartment complex . her mother tries her best to keep a tidy home , inside and out . her father herds cattle for her family . they are a close , happy family .
here we are getting ready to start our bike tour in location . these cool little bridges are everyplace there . here we are trying to feed the geese . we might have ridden through just a little bit of mud ! back safe and sound , what am amazing day !
i was out driving yesterday and i got stuck in traffic because of a huge accident . the whole road was blocked off while they cleaned it up . they had all kinds of equipment there to move debris . we were all stuck there for hours until they were able to clear enough of the debris to let traffic flow . eventually everything was cleared out of the way and normal traffic resumed .
[female] is going on a hike today ! she is excited for what she gets to see ! here she has found a tree , she looks up and what does she see ? a beautiful butterfly ! how pretty ! that was exhausting , it 's time for her picnis lunch .
i went on vacation and visited an almost-deserted town in location . the place was quiet , as most people had left it . there were still some signs of habitation , like the street signs . but the mailboxes were dirty and in disrepair . even the playground equipment was abandoned .
orale , holmes , i look like i just out of location location . but i can afford to travel to awesome places ! what a beautiful road to travel . almost nobody else here . we 've gout our own private paradise .
we dined at this french put on our european tour . i could n't pronounce the name of this dish , but it was delicious ! the dessert was the best part of the meal . but the conversation afterward was even better . the admission stamp reminded us of our adventure until it washed away .
i went with some friends to visit the amusement park at location location . we walked down the old boardwalk to the rides . the boardwalk juts out over the water at the pier . my friend insisted on riding the old ferris wheel . i was personally excited about riding the cyclone , one of the oldest roller coasters in the world .
the photo shoot for the engagement was very fun . we had to try out the black and whites . our favorites were in color though . the day was bright and beautiful . the funny ones will always be remembered .
today was [female] 's 18th birthday ! she was so excited that she lit the candles herself ! she then blew them out and made a big wish ! afterwards she got out her guitar and started strumming away ! she played it really well . too bad nobody came to her birthday party .
i was a little disappointed that not many turned out to see [male] 's band play , but they put on a great show . as it got later , more people did start to turn out , but nothing was going to keep the band from putting on a great show . this was their bassist 's first gig with the band , but he did a fantastic job . [male] himself put everything into it . in the end , even though the weather was n't great and turnout could 've been better , everyone who came had a really good time seeing them play .
the restaurant chosen for the party had an ocean view . here are three siblings that travelled in from out of state . my aunt and uncle have been married for 40 years ! the party was for them . the guests of honor proudly posed with their children . the cake with a sparkler was the final touch to a wonderful family gathering .
we gathered at night to take some photos and get together this is a very interesting sculpture . we had to take a photo by it ! this is a great old cathedral . the photo does not do it justice ! the river at night is quite beautiful ! this fish-eye photo is cool . you can see the reflection in the piece of metal .
the tourists ate breakfast out on the water . then they had to drive towards the activity they were doing that day . on the way they passed a beautiful dam . they finally made it to the mountain they wanted to climb . it was a difficult adventure but they made it .
the location , inc. christmas party started innocently enough . as the drinks started to flow , [female] from hr decided eating straight from the serving tray would be a good idea . the accounting department began to mix all the available booze together into bowls , daring others to take a drink . [male] from sales decided that [female] the receptionist should pick that moment for his long awaited hug . [female] , who never smiles , was greatly amused and became very boisterous as the drinks continued to flow .
we arrived at our destination as the sun was going down . that was fine because we were pretty tired from the long trip . after a good nights sleep we went exploring and came across a long the dock . we walked down the dock for a while . when we came to the end we found ourselves on a rocky beach where we spent some time looking for crabs . in the distance the clouds rolled in and we thought we would get caught in the rain . fortunately , the clouds passed and we enjoyed the rest of our day at the seashore .
location was such a beautiful place to travel around . we enjoyed walking past all the sheep farms . even walking far from the towns , signs told us where everything was . we walked the trail right down to the beach . the views all around were probably my favorite part of our trip .
this is the van that hit our car . at the moment , it looked like this . the side window was broken . at least the door was still usable . we will have to claim our insurance coverage .
the field was very green . the slide was red today . the people were tired from jogging . the people almost made it to the end . they celebrated with coffee .
i took a bike ride along the beach . then i noticed no one else was there . after that i stopped to watch the water . i had to stop and take a break from riding the bike . at the end of my trip i came across some buildings along the water .
i am spending the day people watching while my wife shops . first up , this matching family . i like this lady 's boots . i wonder if he is their owner or just a dog walker . it is not everyday you see a dog dressed as superman . my wife approaches empty handed , i am thinking this guy bought everything already .
every year , the whole family gets together for a camping trip . some of the family have small campers . others have huge rvs . all that really matters is that they get to spend time together . they even do activities like ride bikes through the woods .
every year we get the entire family together to go on a big camping trip . here 's one of the local campers that lives at the campground . it 's always fun to hang out by the campfire late at night . we try to take as many photos of the kids as possible . here 's one of our son and his son on a bike ride .
it 's time to go shopping for a new car ! there are so many choices . i do n't know how i 'll ever decide . i want something small , like this silver one . i spent a lot of time at various dealers , browsing and thinking it over . in the end , i found one that i think will be perfect !
there was a man playing drums on the boardwalk . the boardwalk was near the lake . several birds were preying near the lake . i saw this very interesting bird with a long beak . i decided to head back to the beach to do my research .
there was a huge house for sale yesterday . i had a great time checking it out . i really want to buy it . there was a lot of space inside . it was beautiful .
today was the big race . the guy in green did well . the guy in white did ok . the blue team stayed together . the guy in red was really slow .
i am just sitting here waiting for the show to begin . the musicians are tuning up their instruments . the show is finally getting started . what a great job they are doing playing with such enthusiasm . the announcer is doing a great job as well .
i live in a great neighborhood . here is my home . my next door neighbor is a dentist . he is patriotic . on the other side of my house is my lawyer friend . across the street lives dr. wennington . the oldest home on our block belongs to the [male] family .
[female] had to build a puppet for school project . she was very proud about it when she finished . she used wood sticks and built a 3d puppet . her design was slick and the end result was professional . [female] received a special mention for her fantastic 3d model puppet .
we had a fun day at the beach . we played many games in the sand . it got into our boots . we had to shake out our shoes . afterward we went home for some food .
everyone gathered to watch the martial arts demonstrations . this man broke stacks of ice with his bare hands . this man was demonstrated his kata . this group presented their artwork . we all gathered for a group picture at the end .
the inside of organization organization shows a line of bottles on the wall . mother and son sit down as she explores the menu . a closeup of the menu with the restaurant name on the top featured prominently . breakfast is served and the boy looks as if he just too a bite of something too hot . a shallow depth of field shot featuring the various sauces served with the meal .
the organization organization organization celebration started off early that morning with mom grabbing a bag of tortilla chips for breakfast . our dog , [male] , was bright eyed and bushy tail waiting for the guests to arrive . outside grandma was putting up decorations for the party . the horses were fed and moved to a different area so they would n't bother anyone . the last thing we did before the party was dress up [male] .
we parked the car and were off to tour the campus . we were immediately surprised by the lovely garden area . we continued the tour and loved the barracks . and , the study area on the steps outside the classroom building . we finished the tour at the administrative building and it was wonderful .
saturday we went to a carnival . they had lots of different food vendors there . we got to ride the organization organization . we also played lots of games . at the end of the day we stopped at a grill to get something to eat .
here 's the birthday girl . her friend got up and did hop scotch . time to blind the kids for pin the tail on the donkey . she could jump really far . he was so scared , he almost walked into his mom .
last week , we went to the park . while we were there , we strolled out to the dock . we also explored the streams that ran off the lake . they were beautiful . at the end of the day , we packed up and went home .
the storm came in out of nowhere . the trees were blowing and rain was pouring down . i could n't believe how bad it was raining there . it caused so much damage during the rain . i could hardly see down to the end of the street .
many watched the local parade . performers gave them an entertaining afternoon . the bands provided an musical experiment . audience members wore funny wigs and face paint . some were more festive more others .
the ocean is bright blue surrounded by rock . there is a small amount of sand surrounded by water and land . the sand is clear and there are no people on the beach . the rocks are for the most part small but there are some that are larger . there are small buildings where people live on the edge of the beach .
we went this this little fair about snakes . they had this big ride with a snake at the front of it . it was such a sight to see . the kids seems to really enjoy it . there where so excited to get in that ride . after to big snake ride the kids tried out so many of the different rides . we where not finished until well into the night .
the triathlon started with swimming . here everyone is swimming as fast as they can . then to the biking part of the event . with running being the last part of the race . the racers showed patriotic spirit throughout the whole thing .
the office christmas party was in full swing . there 's plenty of hot girls around in the festive spirit . the man tries to matchmake for his shy friend , who does n't know how to talk to girls . rejected ! better luck next time . now drink this beer and drown your sorrows . the better looking friend is having no such trouble , already having scored with two .
i invited all of my friends to the restaurant last night . we ate a lot of food there . we enjoyed all of it . we were very full afterward . but we ordered some dessert anyway .
this coastal city had a lot of old buildings . the views from the rocks of the beach were epic . the city had such historic value that people would come to visit just to see the buildings . this old factory had been the bread and butter for workers in the late 19th century . the churches were ornate and made of stone .
the rain was no stop for their enjoyment . the smiles indicated the contentment in location . underneath the tower the people felt so very small . another man was busy documenting images . she enjoyed the tower so very much .
this man bought a magical pink bike from the flee market . he rode it everywhere showing his friends . he was so happy riding the bike ! he eventually found out he could ride the bike through any type of water . his wife stole the bike and biked across the ocean to china to leave him .
security was at an all time high for the celebration . visitors were filling the hotels to max capacity . they all wanted to be one of the first to ride the ferris wheel . lines can become quite long for this so people line up hours ahead of time . after the ride is over many will take in the sights that surround it .
the odd red sky above the hotel we stayed at geting dark and now the red sky has gone away premature fireworks before it got dark and the big show began the fireworks lit up the sky like some beautiful stars these were my favorite classical fireworks during the finale
the man got in his car . he looked back to make sure his wheel chair was secure in back . he followed the signs for the location . medical center . the man parked his car , making sure his handicap tag was visible through the windshield . after the man 's appointment , he got in his car and drove home .
my friends and i went for a day trip to the beach . the water was clear and beautiful . my friends and i loved playing in the water . the birds were very friendly , looking for food . we had a goodbye bonfire before we went home .
outside the convention center . many people came to the convention . many handouts were taken . the presentations were very popular . many people came to see them .
the city was very quiet in the day . but at night everyone was preparing for the big fireworks event . when it started it lit up the entire sky . the fireworks were coordinated and beautiful . afterward there was a lot of smoke in the air .
it was to be a day on the beach . i did not know what to think , but i know that we had a good time . here she is . my lover and the person that i care about the most . she looked so good on the water . she took the camera from me . here i am right after she took it . she took some photos of the beach , and waves . it was such a gorgeous day . we had such a good time that day . here is a selfie while she was kissing me .
i attended an auction today that had very expensive purses . there were celebrities on hand to help bring prices up . the auctioneer was doing everything she could to help get more out of the items being auctioned . afterwards the celebrities were on hand to talk to the people . some of them even signed autographs .
i got lost and ended up walking through a organization festival in location . i think this celebrates the birth of buddha . the wheel symbolizes reincarnation . there were a lot of beautiful flowers there . flowers were offered as respect for buddha .
the city was full of buildings and water . our hotel was also very close to the water . we saw another hotel across the street with red bricks . my wife brought a bundle of photos . we took a group picture together at the end of the night .
my home town is on my list of places to visit today . i strolled down location location . i found my old childhood home . it looks so much smaller now that i 'm all grown up . so many memories . i tried to approach the house but the gate was locked . i could n't go inside .
the parade we went to had a bunch of cool cars this is one of the cars i really liked then this one passed by and grabbed my attention after the cars went by , the band marched then i took pictures of the pretty girls that were in the parade
we arrived at the amusement park early in the morning . we wanted to get there early so we would n't have to wait on long lines to get on the rides . we rode on a pretty neat steampunk-inspired tram that took us from one end of the park to another . then it was time to get on a rollercoaster in the shape of a train . it was so scary . the coaster went under a waterfall and we all got wet . we decided to get some food and take a break for an hour to dry off . it was a good day .
i went to the natural history museum today . their evolution display was very interesting . they had an area for cryptozoology . they also have a gift shop . my favorite was this real covered wagon from 200 years ago .
we visited a national monument for veterans day . they had a program honoring the fallen . the guest speaker was very inspirational . there were several active duty veterans there . the monument was weather stained .
our family went up to a bike race this last week . here was the bike i used . throughout the race , photographers took shots of the racers like this one ! here 's my brother finishing the race . although we were n't up on the podium like this guy , that 's what we 're going for next time !
i went down to the pier last week to buy a new car . it was pretty expensive . my hotel was also pretty expensive . it was in downtown . we were n't allowed to swim at the beach today .
there were quite a few interesting hats at the parade . one man waved a red umbrella in the air . he must have known the red bus was nearby . vehicles tried to advance with people in front of them . there was so much excitement in this street performance .
i went to my friend 's party last night . some of the guest were dressed up . i had a lot of fun talking to everyone there . we spent some time playing games in the living room . after a few hours everyone was very tired .
visiting a working windmill . the curator explains how the windmill works . giant machinery inside the windmill . a small piece of machinery helps the windmill keep working . another photo of the inner workings of the windmill .
ahh the beach is a wonderful place , except when it 's filled with tourists . well , it 's still pretty nice , but it 's better when it 's empty . however , with tourists , come new and cool beach side businesses which make the beach an even better place to be during the summer .
the evil villain 's lair crushed , we headed back to headquarters . driving over 150mph , we made it there in no time . crossing the invisible bridge we made our way into the normally unreachable region of our backyard . under this mountain lies the home of heroism and bravery . yes , indeed , under this mountain lies the hall of justice .
the building in the city were a large tourist attraction . people came from all over the continent to see the sights . some of the buildings were really old . people would even take trips into the city from cruise ships . the town was a bustling area with a lot to do and see .
i drove for hours to get to the beach . when i got there it was almost dark . there was a lot of strange equipment set up there . no one else was around . i decided to leave and head back home .
this is an event to raise money by people jumping in the water when it is freezing . a father and daughter did it and they are laughing with excitement . drying off and warming up afterwards is the best part . they get an certificate and tshirt after they are done and the money goes to a good cause . afterwards , the father and daughter enjoy a bite to eat .
my wife and i took a picture together on the beach . while i was walking to our room , she decided to take a picture of me . later that day , we took the ferry to the cathedral . the cathedral was grand , we snapped outside shots . near the cathedral , we found a lovely light tower .
little boy having a wonderful day at the beach he goes in the water and starts to run way from the waves then lays down on the sand and look at the ocean then build sandcastles before he goes
its my 18th birthday and look at the beautiful cake they gave me with my name and everything . i made a wish and blew out the candles like they wanted even though i got a little embarrassed when they all sang happy birthday to me . imagine my surprise when i opened my birthday present and got just what i wished for . i was so happy that i just ignored every body in the room once i got my hands on that guitar . i am still learning on the guitar but this made my 18th birthday the most memorable ever and i could not feel more blessed to have loved ones who would do this for me .
they decided they would make something special . friends gathered to the suprise . the table was ready . he had no idea about the surprise birthday party . his daughter jumped into his arms .
my friends and i like to visit museums and ruin and laugh at the art . he 's riding this ancient relic . my friend added some feathers to this skulls head , just to laugh . we found a piece of art that was titles penis cover , this made us laugh . we decided to splash this work of art with some water , i think it 's an improvement . we just thought this work looked funny with their silly outfits . i love visiting museums .
at the fair ready to have a good time . worker is preparing the tents . actor seating down in front of tent putting on a show . about to shoot , ready to shoot . he has been killed , actor is playing dead .
the sea lions are taking a nap . this bird wants to be friends with the penguins . the penguins are going to go for a swim . these two young ones are playing together . the birds also want to enjoy the sun .
happy birthday , [male] `` del '' coulter ! it 's great looking back at your old pictures , like your old house . you and your wife , [female] have traveled around the world together . your grandchildren are growing up so quickly . here 's to you and many more years of living the life !
we took [male] to great park to celebrate his birthday along with the 4th of july . i could n't resist this cute face with the beautiful park in the background . [male] made sure to call grandpa over to get a picture with him . waiting for the fun to start , [male] is watching intently as granda sets up his new birthday toy . before the fireworks started we took [male] into this awesome bubble house that was at the park .
big family get together at the park . the kids want to go ride rides . look at all the people already . going to have to push our way through to get where we want to go . [male] is really ready to get on some rides . grandma is pushing people out of the way . the roller coaster was totally awesome . the kids did n't want to ride it . they rode this one though . it was a great day even with grandma acting like a crazy lady pushing people all day .
a large crowd is outside in the streets . they are walking around the city . people are having fun with their friends and animals a lot of the kids display fun with makeup . after having fun , people head into one of the stores .
just got my real estate license and i have been tasked at selling all the older victorian houses . this is my first one on the market . the second house i am trying to sell is actually the newest of all the old victorian homes . this one dates back to 1922 this on is very quaint for a smaller family looking to open a bed and breakfast . this home is the best value starting bids at $ 300,000 . and this final home on my list is the oldest home . almost has a feel of a castle . it dates back to 1893
our exotic trip was fabulous . the palms were beautiful . here 's me and my boyfriend on the beach . the volcanic rock sand was really cool . and the waves were really big !
early morning at the beach with the boats getting ready to head out . a beauttiful sunrise on the beach to start the day . another shot of the sunrise that makes it look like a heaven above where we spent most of our time i wish we had a boat
everyone came out to watch the parade . they watched the crazy floats go by , and took pictures of the people wearing interesting costumes . some costumes were less costumes than they were lingerie . but a good time was still had by all as they flooded the beach to celebrate the event .
i was visiting a coastal town in location last year . as the evening came the colors of the setting sun really made it look picturesque . as the sun went down the scenery got better and better . you can see the wondful sun setting here . i was able to see it here just as it set over the town .
taking a walk to the new library . here we go with a corridor of trees . almost there ! short walk . there is the beautiful building . here is the front doors . here we are , welcome to the library .
a recent picture of the family an older picture of the family the park where we were having the party we got a great picture outside the beautiful body of water one more picture of the newly married couple
it was great to gather the group together before the show . the cast was fantastic , they made the scenes come to life . when the show ended all of the actors gathered together to say farewell to the audience . mom and i talked about our favorite scenes while we ate dinner after the show . every thought the ending was quite hilarious .
[female] spent the day visiting her grandmother in the village where she lives . her grandma has always lived in the same village . she lived right next to a farm where the owner raises pigs . every morning she strolls through the village and greets her friends . [female] and her grandma always chat over a glass of wine or a beer when she visits .
josh and [female] loved to go out in nature . they would find neat rivers to go fishing on . sometimes they would find new places to explore as well . bridges were things that they loved the most . [female] was also into mushroom picking . which they did every time !
there 's noting better than a guy who dyes his hair . except a guy wearing a garbage bag . and wow did his armpits stink . i could n't even look . what a disaster .
today we got married in location location . the view of the bay from the top of the road was beautiful . we had our wedding pictures taken by the beach with the bridge in the background . we stopped to see a higher view that over looked the ocean and the bridge . at the end of the day we came across a large and open park where we watched the sunset .
we try and find rare cactuses in the desert each year , here is an example of one . we had to climb this mountain in order to find some of the cactuses . my wife and i love to hunt for these rare beauties together , it helps our relationship . we are a little tired from climbing that mountain and are starting to walk back to our car . tired from a days work of hunting cactuses , we are about to drive back home now .
in my job as a tow truck driver , you see a lot of nasty accidents . here 's one i saw last night , involving a car hitting a motorcycle . the car was n't even looking , and drove right over the cycle . i could barely stand to look at the smashed helmets on the ground . i towed away the car , while the driver of the car was taken away by the police .
on the last day of our vacation we decided to visit rock mountain . there were a lot of beautiful mountains . we noticed as we got there there were workers doing work . one worker was carrying a huge rock . he told us part of the park was closed due to the construction so we ended up leaving .
we walked to the airplane to go to location . he always wanted to ride in an airplane . we where really high up in the air . then we arrived to the airport . the airport had a lot of cool statues .
it 's a fun night out and this guy just wants to have fun . he meets with his friend who looks very disinterested in hanging out . he meets someone else who shows more interest in hanging with him . he pops a cigar in his mouth and smiles . time for a group picture while continuing to smoke his cigar .
i went to the fair with my kids last weekend . there were a lot of people there . they also had a barn . we got to see a lot of animals . we ca n't wait to go back later .
eating lunch with his parents . taking a picture with mom . parents opening their gifts . family arriving at the beach . watching the sunset together .
we took a trip to visit the old fair grounds . it was a little creepy walking around the abandoned bumper car track . the child 's horse was left off to the side of a carousel . this dusty batman ride-on figure was still attached to the carousel . wow , this trip was interesting and ended in an appropriate shot of the old ferris wheel in the twilight .
[female] and [male] are vacationing in location location they are actually visiting with some friends who are planning a bbq on the beach [female] and [male] are really enjoying their time . [male] is enjoying his first beer of the day later in the day [male] enjoys some football before the bbq [male] enjoyed the delicious bbq but is not ready to reenact some scenes from a play his was in
my brother rode a green bike on the trails . my cousin chose the gray bike because it was more agile . my brother wanted to do incredible tricks . he got a lot of air off of this ledge . i convinced him to help me get a jaw dropping photo .
hard at work , it 's always important to maintain focus a very useful tool for applying glue you must make sure to apply the glue carefully and evenly be sure to use caution on the ladder apply the wood with glue to the proper place and apply pressure
a fire was reported on the roadside . it spread quickly . firefighters responded to the call and managed to get the fire under control . the cause of the fire turned out to be a vehicle malfunction . the firefighters eventually extinguished the fire .
while watching the parade we watched a lady in a large costume . then we saw someone with a gold painted face smiling at us . then we saw a group of men in black and yellow costumes . then a group of people passed wearing many colors . we saw a couple of people with pink and yellow suns on their head .
it was just about time for religious services to start . for some reason kids brought their easter baskets to church with them even though the easter bunny is a pagan symbol . little [female] was eating the fake grass . after services , there was a panoply of food for everyone to eat . though most people wanted the chocolate bunnies most of all .
a mom gives her daughter a gift for her first birthday party . the little girl is excited to be receiving so many gifts . someone at the party also gives her a big [male] as a gift . the little girl plays with the [male] that she received . after opening presents , the little girl prepares to eat her cake before the party ends .
the townspeople look at the damage from the quake . one of them decides to repaint a bench . they realize just how bad the quake was . they stand around the crack in the ground in awe . they do n't see an end in sight .
the crowd was minimal during the day the race . despite this , my friends and family were there to support me . the race was intense , with the competition trying to block my every move . my partner and i could n't break through the blockade of competitors . despite all our best efforts , we came in second .
this is an abandoned amusement park . there is dirt and debris everywhere , even on the bumper cars . it is really spooky . no one is here accept the cats .
i got my gift in the mail today . i was very excited . i could hardly contain myself . it was very expensive . i plugged it in right away .
today was time for family pictures . it was really hard to get [female] to sit still . we eventually did get a nice family photo however . we look great ! grandma just could n't help but laugh at the faces [female] was making . we ended up having a short lunch after all the picture taking . [female] looked absolutely adorable in pigtails . seems she 's ready for a nap after a long day .
the beginning of the bike tripmreasy to go . views from the camera in front of the intersection . random cows laying in the pasture . the bikers ahead in the small town . the friends finished the biking trip and pose for a shot .
the art tour started with an unusual but highly artistic painting . i took the time to salute the history of my country . but also quickly moved on to hot tub cannon balls . the gallery was pretty crowded . the last picture we saw made me a little uncomfortable .
we were taken out for food and drinks by our friends and i should have known by the way they were acting that something was up . drinks started to flow and things got a bit strange with the the food but it was all in good fun and we had a lot of fun . they even made us wear these costume hats to be king and queen for the evening which i never saw coming . i still do n't remember doing this with the tiara but i was having fun it looks like from the big beer drinkers smile on my face . a couple that are our best friends even got in on the action and i am glad i was not the only one with the tiara on in a picture which i never will let him forget . ( let the good times roll ! )
there were a lot of popular seafood restaurants in town to choose from . they all used bright , neon signs on the outside of the buildings . some seemed classier than others say as boudin . franciscan was considered a high class restaurant . eat at [male] 's was definitely the most popular choice among tourists .
the mall is very busy today . you can tell it is the holiday season with all the decorations . they even have a huge tree on display . check out the detail on some of these signs . time to head home , what a great time we have had .
the two men rode the bus in a respectable manner . the snow was just beginning to melt outside . beyond the shore was a lovely ocean . the sun setting on this environment was absolutely amazing . we setup chairs in the snow so we can watch the sun rise and set .
[male] has noticed smoke billowing in the west . he calls 911 even though he guesses that others have already done so . the entire sky is filling with smoke . he can now see the flames above the roof top . he has walked closer to the fire and sees that it is quite large . he goes into his friend 's house and together they watch the events unfold .
a girl goes to chucky cheese 's for her birthday party . many of the girl 's friends show up to her party and enjoy a nice meal . the birthday girl hugs one of her friends tightly after dinner . the birthday girl is very excited about her cake . before leaving , the birthday girl blows out her candle and prepares to eat her cake .
we had an office party today to try to liven the mood around here . [female] didnt want to leave her desk though , stop being such a crab [female] ! heres [male] , we had to enticed him out with the promise of burgers . next party will be on one of those yachts . unfortunately it started to rain and rain hard so we had to call it off early .
the earth day parade was in full swing . people on roller skates performed a cool routine . tribal drummers entertained the crowd . the local dance school had many troops performing . custom made floats were artistic and cool .
this fisherman is in his boat . he loves being at sea . the sea is where he makes his living . watching the sunset was calming for him . he knew he would be back here again tomorrow .
it was the holiday season , and a family decided to drive to see holiday lights . on their drive , they passed by a couple of neighborhoods that were run down and full of graffiti . they arrived at their destination to see the christmas lights . after looking at a few homes , they felt guilty about seeing the run down neighborhood and decided to do something about it . they went to their local food bank and donated some food in the holiday spirit .
okay so today i 'm going to show you how to make my sugar bean soup . you start off with brown sugar and paprika . in a separate bowl place minced garlic . add in beans . lots and lots of beans of any kind ! mix it all together with some chicken . blend it up in a blender on high for 25 minutes ! then add in green food dye and woo-lah ! yum ! this will clean out your insides instantly !
[male] loved walking around his town 's wooded areas . since it was autumn the leaves were turning red and orange . putting his feet on the rocks helped connect him to the earth . the railroad company have a bridge over the river that he used to see as a kid . he wondered how far away from his hometown he could get if he just walked along the traintracks . he wanted to get far away .
easter is a time for family to get together . all of the kids get to show off their new easter outfits . but their favorite part is of course the easter egg hunt . he managed to get quite a haul of eggs . after the egg hunt everyone sits down in the front room to visit and talk .
old castles were landmarks in the town . [male] loved his tour of the old buildings . in and old church there were candles for church services that still happen today . restaurants that occupied old storefronts were very popular attractions . the old architecture was a great sight for all .
we gathered the troops up for [male] 's first time at the zoo we all eagerly waited for our trip to the zoo . our first stop was the penguins . they 're such a goofy bird . we continued down the location and found some polar bears to look at . of course after visited the location , all we could think about was getting some ice cream .
i loved this statue . it was near that big stone building . then i went to bed . but i got back out of bed . and yet you still kept taking photos ... .
jen was all dressed up for her 30th birthday party . friends and coworkers joined in the celebration . [male] and [male] were their usual crazy selves . missy made this beautiful cake , accented with her favorite flower - gerbera daisies . it was a shame to cut the masterpiece , but everyone was hungry !
[male] and [male] went to the museum today . they studied famous pictures together . they walked through replica houses . they pondered over old sculptures . in the end they ran out of time and did n't get to go through the last door .
the kids gather around the small firework . they look through the box to see what they want to light next . this firework sprays sparks everywhere . the parents stand on the pool deck and watch the kids swim . the night has come and the kids are in the swimming pool .
it was st. [male] 's day . we held a big party for everyone . not everyone wore green though . the drinks were plenty . everyone had a great time .
holding up the program for the peabody awards . these two men must have been talking about something interesting . the peabody awards were about to start ! everyone lining up to receive their awards . people posed for pictures after the ceremony had finished .
we got off the plane and immediately checked into the hotel . and , then we were off to view the city . we started the visit with the beautiful tower . however , then the rain began ... and , we rushed back to our hotel and rested for the night .
we went to a vehicle museum . we saw old trains such as this one . this black train was the longest one we saw . we even saw old vans such as this silver one . there was all this silver bus or train that was really impressive .
`` we made it , we 're at the grand canyon ! '' we all took pictures and savored the moment . except [male] , he really wanted the best view . [male] and [male] begged him to come back ; however , he was enjoying the view . finally , we got him out and into the gift shop ! what a trip !
early in the afternoon we decided to take a trip down to the wharf . first we stopped to eat at our favorite fish restaurant . for dessert , we bought some fresh taffy . we enjoyed our snack while watch the workers loading one of the big ships . at the end of the day we stopped to watch the sunset and listen to the waves .
there was a big award ceremony for my grandfather 's lifetime achievement award . here he is talking to his best friend , [male] . he was congratulating him . [female] had lots of great things to say about my grandfather . here is my grandfather , posing with all of his esteemed colleagues while presenting the award . here we are after a big day . i 'm so glad that everyone had such a great time !
the creature was green and had a face . there were many designs out of vegetables and even a drawing .
it was warm night waiting for the fireworks to start . the first one was really low and close to the buildings , i hope the get up higher . opps , i think i excited and moved on that last one . these get getting better and better , glad i got this awesome view from my friends building . well that was the last of them , great times , not back to the drinking .
the crowd gathered to partake in the event . some came by foot , others by other methods . there was face painting and other activities . people enjoyed getting loose and acting wild . the sidewalks were full for hours .
as we were hiking on our trail , i could not help but take a picture of this gorgeous tree . the way the ants formulated the colony , it look like a wok of art . this is a picture of my hiking partner walking across the bridge . my friend was scared to take this picture , as she felt i could fall in the hole . as we reached the end of the hike , we took a picture of our accomplishment .
there was a grave that was located in the park . we got to see a mother and her children swimming in the lake . the little ducks closely followed their mother . there were boats and fisherman in the waters . lastly , we saw a family of baby ducks .
jeb takes a nice picture of the view . the waves just washing up to the shores . jeb finds this bench on the beach and finds it very interesting . he and his wife walk along side the beach holding hands . such a wonderful day jeb and his wife are having .
my friends and i going on a bike ride . we have to watch out for cars . we saw this led design and liked it . we wrecked into each other but we did not get hurt . we needed a good long break .
the man was excited for the beginning of the bobsled race . all of the dogs were ready to go and show off what they trained for . the dogs all worked really hard to push through to the finish . the man waved to the people as they finished the race . the dogs were happy the race was over and could not wait for some treats and rest .
the three of us are at an event . they had refreshments . here is a picture of a family that looks happy . these people are laughing at a joke . the lecturer had quite a lot to say .
the couple arrived at the park in good spirits . the rollercoaster was one of their favorite rides . the met two , fun-loving , asian men who had never been to the park before . the electro spin was one of the most popular rides at the park . there was a giant , ominous fish present beside all the bathrooms .
[female] has been hard at work making things for the wedding . she 's got the colors picked out and everything . think she was tired of me taking her picture ... but she looks so cute . our little romantic spot in the bedroom . i really like it . now her friends are here to help her with some of the arrangements . time for me to leave .
looking at the mountain it looked like nothing special . but , as our group climbed the anticipation grew stronger . at the top , the terrain became much rockier and less grassy . then , we saw the cross . many people were touched by the experience . after traveling down the mountain some people were baptized in the river .
the family gathers at the house for conversation . the two infants are in the mood to play on the floor . mother joins her young son for a photo op . laughter is shared again over on the couch . the ladies take a moment to pose with their young friend .
they all gathered for the party that day . everyone laughed as they put on the glasses . he was very surprised and honored they all came together for him . she hung a little joke on the wall for him . the baby looked a little confused with everyone being so goofy .
everyone 's gathered for organization organization organization ! playing drinking games is one of our favorite past times . enjoying some cold beverages at the party 3 handsome fellas posing for a shot messing with the party host !
i made a trip to location with my family last summer . this building was set on a pretty man made lake . here is part of a temple that i found interesting . this temple was hidden among the brush . here is something like an arch that i thought was quick unique to chinese culture .
my 30th birthday celebration . what a blast this is me pretending i can sing i am sitting here pretending i 'm not drunk . it was shot o clock in this photo i could n't get up in this photo so i just sat and chatted
this man decided to ride his daughters bike and mess with people this morning . this man asked him what he was up to . the man with the pink hat rode off . he decided to ride in the waters to get people to notice him . after about five minutes , he realized he was stuck in the water .
before a plane is ready to go . the baggage and freight handlers have a lot of work to do . they line up their baggage vehicles . they line up the freight carts . putting enormous crates of freight into a plane 's cargo hold requires perfect alignment . the cargo handlers can do it all and very quickly . the plane leaves right on time . the passengers on board did even notice the few minutes it took for the baggage to be stowed .
these two penguins are hiding . this one wanted to go for a walk . here is all his friends and family on the beach . we laughed when we saw this penguin trying to wake his friend up . my girlfriend was so happy to see the penguins .
our overseas trip was amazing . this was the skyline when flying into the airport . first day we went to a dance club , it was crowded but fun . we also went to the beach , here are we going for our day trip . the next day we went on a big boat ride in the harbor . and at the end we went shopping in a multi level mall , it was amazing !
we drove out to the desert . then we climbed up high on a hill . after that we rode camels through the desert . we came across some high cliffs . finally we took a closer look .
buying a new house , the outdoor area . the masters bedroom on open floor . the masters bathroom with shower and tub . the staircase to the living room . signing the contract to buy the house .
the night sky showed the forest fire clearly . the fire began to grow quickly . [male] fire troops were flown over and dropped nearby to combat the fire . with the trained professionals work , the fire began to shrink . emergency crews responded as best they could roadside .
this small town is just a small portion of the surrounding area . the land is untouched by civilization . it is big and vast and full of life . the water is crystal clear and makes its way all the way out to the ocean . it is a unique an charming little place .
this was one crazy halloween party . there were all sorts of crazy costumes . these ones were a bit silly and scary at the same time . they walked around menacingly . it was a fun and crazy event for me .
mom , my brother , and myself pose for a pic at the location location . i got to take a photo all by myself ! i liked the part when we were at the highest part of the mountain . we even took a pic with my dad . but my favorite part was when me and mom spent time alone together .
the buffet table at the party . me giving the finger at a friend . a little music for the party . the dog has had enough , he heads outside . at the end of the evening , we have realized we have had too much .
first , meg mixed the spices . next , she chopped the garlic . she then measured the beans . she took her homemade sauce and put it over the meat . the results was a delicious meal !
it 's nighttime in the city . the lake in the park reflects the streetlights . it 's so late out , that no one is around . it 's quiet and peaceful . i walk by the monument and there are no tourists around . the moon is shining brightly up in the sky . everyone is at home and it 's peaceful in the city .
have you ever wondered what happens to a local amusement park when it gets shut down . most of the time the rides are just left where they are to gather dust . the carousel horses are taken down and stored . they remove the statues in parts and put them undercover . the ferris wheel stands vigilance over the lonely park remembering its bygone days of providing fun and laughter for the crowd .
a parade to celebrate veteran 's day takes place today . parachutists drop right down onto main street during the parade . former veterans of the organization organization move through the street amidst cheers from the crowd . young boy scouts participate to honor their veterans . everyone is thankful for their sacrifice .
smiling while awaiting her meal . the menu filled with our meal options . showing off her first course . the main course is served . last but not least , dessert is served .
easter dinner was at my house . i had the table set . my daughter was happily opening plastic eggs for the candy . she insisted on putting some aside for me ! we went outside to wait for our guests to arrive . when we all sat down to eat , everyone complimented me on my cooking !
[male] carrying the cross . another of [male] with the cross and some followers . here the spikes are going in . the [male] punishment was brutal . here is [male] on the cross . three days later he is risen again .
me and my wife went out on the town one night . we got to the bar and the waiter asked what we wanted . i met some friends while i was there and my wife let me drink with them ! when the check came , we split it and paid for it . do n't worry about my wife though , she saw some friends of her own and drank with them !
it is christmas time and at my house `` i 'm the boss '' as the hat says and i really loved this gift . dads always love gifts of a festive nature such as socks or ties with little candy canes and christmas pictures on them . here are my kids opening presents left by location under the tree which i am sure will bring smiles and cheer . our dog ranger even has his christmas collar on and seems to be getting in on the festivities going on here at the house on this christmas . it seems like every christmas , now that video games are all the rage , that my son and a relative or friend spend hour after hour glued to the tv playing games but that is ok if it makes them happy on christmas .
i was hanging out with my friends and we decided to play a game called `` ears for all '' here is [male] wearing the leopard ears . he looks purrfect . this is [female] . she is a natural born feline . [male] and kimmy were waiting for their turn . when [male] got his turn he took the ears outside to show them off .
this is a tomb of a viking general . the skull and the crown with the wings are very symbolic . the art has been beautifully preserved . the outside of the historic landmark is a sight to see . these are the old ship they used such an epic time in history .
the girls rode a swing ride at the fair . then we saw a ferris wheel . after that we rode the bumper cars . we passed the midway that was offering all kinds of prizes . finally we came to a quilt shop nearby .
two men set up a firecracker outside on the fourth of july in a big city they watch the fireworks go off then head inside for some partying after some partying they go outside and have some more fun with fireworks
today i had a party for myself ! i drank location pop and smoked cigarettes ! i even drank a beer ! i got so drunk off that beer that i decided i wanted to shoot something ! i set up a lot of boards and bottles and a propane tank ! why ? because i 'm a badass ! i got out my husband 's rifle . the husband who forgot my birthday and did n't come home ! i shot all those damn cans off the poles . then i shot the propane tank ! kaboom ! i caught my whole yard on fire and the house ! happy effing birthday to me !
our trip to the tidal pools started with a plan and a map . we woke up early and drove through the forest , getting out to see the ocean below . we hiked down to the rocks , looking for sea life . the pools are in a beautiful area , below a forest in an amazing cove . we were lucky enough to get to see to passing whales while we were there .
my cousin came from across two states . she brought my little nephew with her . he is so cute and he is very adventurous . he plays with my niece and they explore my home . we were celebrating my brother 's birthday with a chocolate cake .
we had fiesta night at the organization house last weekend . the vodka was running a plenty . stories we told . friendships were made . dogs where even invited .
our family business carnival first day setting up in location , location . cousin [male] fixing some of the tent poles . there 's [male] day two tent poles fixed . tents are set up for us too sleep . the guys playing a music note or two . the time to pack up and go to the next town . last day , the young lads passed out after a long day of work .
friends night out . was great my friends and i having fun dancing dinner was so good wine was amazing hands in the air hahaha merry and paul playing foosball
i went to an undocumented alien rally . the peacefully gathered and demanded citizenship . the police were there , but they did not bother anyone . a mob of hate filled conservatives showed up for a counter protest . when we started to push against the counter protest crowd , the police left .
miss teen doll was excited about receiving her package in the mail . she had been waiting for weeks , watching at the window everyday for the mailman to arrive . she had passed the time by hanging out with mr. fluffy kitty . mrs. fluffy kitty was jealous and demanded attention . miss teen doll took her new guitar out of the package and sat down to jam .
we all went camping last weekend . i invited all of my friends . we saw a lot of beautiful plants there . we ate some of them . we brought a lot of equipment with us .
we had all seen the pictures dad left behind . we had n't had the time to walk into location before , but my work trip gave us an opportunity . i remember dad talking about location in the loftiest of ways . he certainly took a lot of pictures . we saw a lot of graffiti when we came in , and we were sure to take a good inventory of it . dad had liked street art , but what he liked most of all was the water . we spent a lot of time taking pictures for posterity . location , after the street art and the water , really was a small town , unfortunately . i could n't see what he saw in it . i knew he 'd love the pictures though .
started the day off with a sandwich.we just sat around talking about our day . these are my friends i just had lunch with.and we decided to head to the beach . when we got there , people had been sculpting in the sand.the first we seen was a dragon.so amazing and creative . many surf boards waiting to be used but nobody out on the water . they are so cute..my girlfriend went to the bathroom and they were flirting .
looking out from this window at a great view . here are just some of what i see . it 's so awesome . look at that sea , i want to be on that sea with my boat . beautiful flowers are found nearby too . the nightlife here is so nice and cozy .
the presidency has had a history of first dogs . president obama 's family purchased a dog named bo . [female] was [male] ford 's companion during his short tenure . checkers stood by nixon 's side through thick and thin . [female] and [male] were the dogs of president [female] .
the experiences of a fair are many and varied . there are animals to see and observe . sometimes even animals to pet ! there are color varieties of plants to become acquainted with . and nature aside , there are always vast arrays of artistic projects to view and have broaden minds .
this is [male] visiting a museum while he is on a work related trip . the museum has a lot of unique things displayed . the setting is normally dark and calm . these were made by a local artist to put on display . this painting is worth thousands because of who it portrays .
a snowstorm recently hit the city covering some path in snow . some paths were shoveled quickly to help pedestrians . the river partially froze over . some parts of the river were not frozen however . the storm was bad enough to knock over signs on the streets .
my friends and i took a morning walk on the trail . when the sun was up , we drove around the city to explore . we found this lovely couple getting married on the beach . we invited them to go out that night and they accepted . the following morning we had a picnic in the park .
the whole family came out to go camping . here is the trailer that some of us brought . the campground had picnic tables you can sit around . at night , the light from the trailer lit things up . mom , dad and kids had a great time .
i 'm glad that most of my friends were able to make it to the game . we decided to have a race and it became extremely competitive since everyone had a hot start . nevertheless , i 've caught the lead although it was n't enough because [male] caught momentum throughout the race and eventually won . [male] was over-confident about winning and actually ended up being second-to-last across the finish line ,
a family decided to go to the local amusement park . the amusement park was becoming crowded . there were a lot of rides . the family rode the roller coaster together . the park was surrounded by a beautiful waterfall .
my childhood was great . this is me at 4 years old . my mom and i had so much fun dressing up and showing our butts . that 's how she got daddy . him and i take long naps . the next day after our nap mommy took me on a train ride with all my stuff . we got a new house and she cut my hair and turned it blonde . she said it was a game to hide from daddy .
are they real or just masks making shadows on the wall ? did someone just pay to see this strange assortment of `` a sucker born every minute ? '' this is an interesting advertisement that reminds us we never venture far from our roots . people finding the artifacts of this time museum an interesting collection of history . the stagecoach is so feeble sometimes one could wonder how it made it through battles with organization .
our family loves nature , so we went on a hike . the views were great , we had to stay close . although we got to break off and explore a little bit . here we are up near the top . it was a long way for little legs . at the very top is a super amazing view , but its a little bit scary too . our whole family loves doing these hikes .
the concert last weekend was amazing . there were so many bands there . all of my friends had a great time . we really enjoyed the music that was playing . after a while it got too dark so we decided to head back home .
grandpa helping mikey read a book on explores to prep him for our day trip . off to explore . great group shot . look mom what this ? saw a little crab on the rocks . mikey was fascinated . everyone was sent on a hunt to find more little crabs .
we moved to a new town today and got a new apartment . the city we moved to was small and quiet . it was really pretty and had an old feel to it . we were lucky enough to get an up stairs apartment . which is great because now we always have a view of the city !
yay christmas morning is finally here ! we watched out young boy open his presents . he got new trains ! oh , how he loves his trains ! his brother really seemed to enjoy his new chair also ! him and his brother played with their new toys all day together .
the parade is coming down the street . here comes some interesting people and floats . this scary looking lady is playing for the crowd . next to show is the interesting boys in white . they have some interesting outfits are entertaining . now here comes there counterparts who are mostly in black and blue . the parade is coming to an end and the crowd is all coming together .
i went to the hotel today . the view of the beach was beautiful . i had a great time there . we relaxed all day . the pool was great .
we took a ride up the mountain to get a view of the water . we could n't decide if we should go further up or stay on a safer path . there were little farm cottages up the way . this sweet donkey ate carrots from our hand that a farmer gave us . we finally reached the summit and got our perfect view .
as we looked behind us , we could see how high we were . we climbed up a steep staircase on a hill . we finally reached the top . from the top we could see the whole city . we walked towards a statue at the top of the hill .
everyone was patiently waiting for the bus , but as time passed , it was obvious that it was late . i could not belive that there was an escalator entrance to the dollar store . it amazes me how people seem to read the paper while walking on a crowded sidewalk . the taxi seemed to be incognito begins the bush . the way the street is designed it seems like artwork .
these pictures are from our tour of historical and original one of a kind homes . this beautiful home has a wrap around porch with a built in swing . the tower on this home makes it feel and look so special . although this home was the most run down the inside was immaculate . at the end of the tour there was a little shop with an outdoor market .
we went to the parade . there were many people there in costumes . we had a wonderful time . some of the costumes were more scary than others . some costumes were simply beautiful .
from [male] 's place up on the hill , he could see exactly where the fire started . he said that it was strange and beautiful how the fire illuminated an arc of smoke at the beginning . then , a wind started blowing shifting the smoke west . then the wind started really blowing hard spreading the fire further and further . [male] could see all the people evacuating town . and the emergency vehicles trying to come into town .
friends gather to celebrate a birthday . getting a picture taken with [male] e. cheese . a little girl plays air hockey at the party . meeting the teletubbies at the birthday party . cake and ice cream to end the birthday celebration .
there 's always a lot of traffic when we head down to our camping site . here i am standing on the docks before we got out of town . this is a beautiful waterfall near where we camped . the water was so clear . at night we made our fire in this pit . there was plenty of old wood around to keep it going all night . here 's my tent the first morning i woke up . just before i took this picture a rabbit ran through .
it was the twins ' birthdays today . [female] decided that she wanted to eat this . [male] loved this monkey , and we thought it fit with his personality . [female] was the most patient about opening her gifts . she really wanted to get into this one and play it , though .
the concert at the park was so much fun . we saw so many local bands . some of the bands were a little boring . we got so tired we had to sit on the floor . the bands kept playing throughout the night .
the local junior hockey team was assembling today . each member received their uniform . they also took their group photo today . [male] was ecstatic to be part of the team . he hoped to win as many trophies as his father did when he was his age .
the group was n't sure what to think of the presentation . the letters on the screen were so pink that it was hard to read them . they were supposed to sign up for different courses on the yellow sticky notes . she sat alone , wondering whether anyone was going to come to her class at all . the ducky presentation was by far the most popular of the day .
they decided to spend the day up in the mountains . they stopped and admired the view of the snow capped peak of the mountain . they found an out of the way waterfall that was very active . out of the blue and in the middle of nowhere they ran into a small house . they found the perfect spot to sit and admire the beautiful scenery .
we decided to pack our truck and take a vacation to the beach . we stopped off at a rest stop halfway to the beach and had breakfast . we finally reached the bridge which led to the beach and it was incredible . when we got to the beach the sun was shining off a large rock . when the blue sky finally came out we took a great picture of ourselves .
a bunch of us went to an all-you-can-eat pizza buffet the other day . we had a great time catching up with what had been going on in each other 's lives . most of us are newly enrolled in college although we do n't all go to the same one . some of the stories that we heard about some of the fraternity initiations were pretty wild . the manager could n't believe how many pizza 's a group of college kids could go through .
i threw a dart at a map to decide where to vacation . this is where the dart landed . there were other people there . it was quite a scenic location . i saw lots of wildlife while i was there .
the lake was calm . she paddled quickly to win . the guys worked together to get to the finish line . he fell overboard . she almost gave up .
as a jogger , i see a lot of accidents . this accident was a light collision . sure , the window busted , but no one got hurt . the driver got out immediately and called the cops . the car wo n't be functional for a while .
the green pastures were open and lush . the boat arrived on the river bank . out our window , we were able to see a very broad amount of land . the river stream was very long . there were many red roses in the field .
the bus ready to depart . the girlfriend accompanied her boyfriend to the bus stop . final goodbye , final hug and final kiss . man saying his farewells to his friends . the eastern bus departing with the passengers .
there was a little bike race outside . there were a lot of competitors that were riding around a track lined with cones . it was pretty heated but the people were out here for fun . this guy did n't even bother to wear real biking gear because he just was here for a good time . others were here for the competitiveness ; you can tell by what they wore .
my mother in her high school year book . mom playing hide and go seek . the grandparents are still with us . they interrupted grandma 's nap . a great day for a picnic .
many people were helping cleanup in preparation for the horse riding competition . the rider started the competition with a bang by jumping over the hurdles with his horse easily . he ended up winning the competition . the owner went to see the horse to check up on it . looking majestic , the horse posed for the camera .
[female] and rob go to the beach . it is a beautiful day . even the wild life is relaxing . [female] poses next to a tree . the end thier day with a walk in the wilderness
while celebrating a birthday , i spot a candy bar full of candy on the table the three boys play a fun arcade game at the arcade the little boy watches a group of guys play indoor soccer . a boy and a girl walk along the colorful paper create paths . the boy receives cotton candy and happily eats it .
we traveled more than a 100 miles from our hotel to reach the destination . during our trip , we stopped by the museum and also bought some souvenirs . we saw some abandoned houses , left on the historic site . there was a small bridge over a creek , near the museum . we also took a boat ride , in the lake , during the afternoon .
the shoreline was gorgeous in the morning . the house was well maintained and proper . we approached the house on a long roadway . when we got closer , we were greeted by this walkway . when inside , we realized how elegant it was .
my brother and i went to a pub . we met up with our friends from college . my professor decided to buy us all a round of beer . we then talked about the class . my sister later joined up with us later .
the beach was calm when the boys arrived . they wanted to climb the rocks and play around before they decided to talk at night .
i love old houses , but this one reminds me of the house out of organization organization organization . the gingerbread molding on this one is awesome . the corner tower on this one would neat from the inside . three story house..love it . this house would be fantastic if someone would fix it up . needs lots of tlc . this looks like it was a church at one time . all that antique furniture would look good in my house .
as the sergeant at arms of the club , he had to carry the flag . while he was honored to carry the club 's flag , he knew it gave him a distinct disadvantage . many of the club members advanced ahead of him . but a few stayed back with him . he was glad to reach the finish line .
we were headed to see les miserables ! this is the beautiful building where the play will be shown ! she looks so amazing and pretty ! afterwards we checked out the sites of the city ! the city was so amazing and beautiful ! we had fun !
there was a rowing competition , that [female] was excited to participate in . she faced fierce competitors despite training all year . however , the boat in the lead had a mishap . which allowed [female] to row into victory .
everyone had fun at the fair . the kids played video games . this little guy loved to watch the athletes . there was a real life version of candyland . complete with pink cotton candy at the end !
we saw some crazy sights on our trip . at this house , it appeared like a shark was flying through the roof . the architecture was beautiful . this building was like a castle . it was definitely fit for royalty . there were interesting statues as well , in surprising poses . we were surprised to see this chalk board with math problems . it was a grand estate and we ca n't wait for you to see it one day .
there were a lot of people at the concert . i had practiced playing my banjo for months . we were very nervous . we were determined to finish . we played very well .
i decided to go on an adventure to a city i had never been to before . it was getting dark when i came into town and the city was brightly lit . there were many strange tubes sticking up from the ground in this city . i must have arrived on an important day as there were fireworks . the fireworks were actually pretty annoying . they were too loud and there was too much traffic when they stopped .
this family decided to spend the day at the beach . they rented a sailboat . mom decided to pose for a picture . shortly after she chased some seagulls . at the end of the day they watched the sunset together .
an intimate setting for a get together . nicely decorated table for the occasion . deserts look amazing and very sweet . friends are standing around sharing in this moment . people are having a good time together .
it was a beautiful day at the fair . you could see a lot of busy people preparing the area . today there 's a reenactment of a cowboy shot-out . many shots where fired between the bandits and the cowboys . at last the bandit fell .
it 's time for [male] 's alien-themed birthday party ! we 've been waiting for this day for a long time . first , some pizza to fuel the kids for their playtime ! we set out different shape and color cutouts so each kid ( and adult ! ) could make their own alien mask . what kid does n't love a playground ? after pizza , cake , and mask-making , the kids all took some time to run around on the playset and have fun together . everyone gathered for a picture , wearing their new alien masks , before it was time to head home . what a great afternoon !
so many crazies on the road today . i saw someone just lose control of their suv on the street . they crashed into a light pole , and into another car . the damage was minimal , but still what is going on with people on the road . when the cops showed up to asses the damage it was the end of it all . everything got moved out of the way .
this was the day that they were going to earn money . it was for a foundation against discriminating to men that were green . he was ready to show the world his enthusiasm ! as they were going they realized that maybe they were n't as passionate as the initially thought . but then a man shouted something inspirational . and everyone started to perk up a bit more .
we had our grandfather 's 75th birthday party yesterday . all of the family was there , even the newest member of the family , [male] . after everyone ate the cake and ice cream we got ready to give gifts . our grandfather received lots of gifts from everyone , including the grandchildren . all of us had a great time and our grandfather did too .
[male] is visiting from location and wants to experience the city . they decide to go visit location town and do a little shopping . while shopping they realize how hungry they are and hit a diner . meg confesses that she has had a crush on [male] for many years . they decide to go on a romantic date by riding bikes along the pier .
this building was ominous but beautiful . the sun hit the water just right that day . this view of the building makes one really appreciate the architecture . you can never go wrong by bringing a guitar . we marveled at this piece of art .
the rain was really heavy on the streets . we tried our best to smile through the weather . there were not many people at the location location . we got to see a photographer on the streets . lastly , we took an overview of the location location on the bridge .
it was all over . the world has been destroyed . we were the last human beings on location . i climbed rocks out of boredom . the other two played on the beach . you know , the end of the world was n't so bad .
i went to a festival over the weekend . there were these cool pinwheels . my friends and i kept going down the path until we reached a lake . we stopped here to relax for a little . we compared pictures of the event at the end of the day .
the snow falls quite deeply around here , bury the flowers . some grass are too tall and would stick out of the snow . near the house , it can sometimes be a feet deep . i 'd then have to shovel the snow from the driveway . it would slowly melt , revealing the dead grass underneath . when it starts melting , the gulls would come back .
someone buys a new camera and decides to test it out on his town sign . then , he takes a picture of a memorial . after that , he takes one of his local corner store . then , a picture of town hall . then , he gets one of the church
we got on our bikes to go see the town . it was busy with cars and people everywhere . we saw the night life and had fun . we got into a little crash the next morning but nothing serious . for lunch that day , we parked the bikes and ate on some steps .
she was planning a vacation somewhere far away she decided on the ocean and it was great she ran across the beach and enjoyed it it was a great vacation choice for her
talking to the group about environmental values of plants . ready to be planted on the ground . we saw a little frog . taking the plants out of pots and planting them . planting by the water .
dad decided it was time to do some home improvement . first he got out his trusty caulk gun . then he applied the caulk to the piece of wood . he carefully climbed the ladder . he then placed the wood around the door frame .
oh boy , what was in that cocktail , everything has this really red , blood-like hue ? i knew i should n't have accepted a drink from this guy . eww , now what 's he doing ? put your tongue away sir , you are certainly not my type . wait , are those fangs ? i 'm feeling kind of dizzy and these guys are looking like food . oh geez , what did i drink ? now this guy 's drinking it too . it looks like ... like blood ! what have i got myself in to here ? oh well , if you ca n't beat them , join them . here 's to eternity guys . cheers !
we met with some of the towns people . they where happy people finally cared . we took photos and held interviews . we learned a lot about their culture . we spent most of the day with the people .
we went and saw the city today . the landscape was flat but beautiful . i love the caligraphy on this one . the cascading water was really nice . on the way back i found this interesting pattern on the wall .
the family went on a snowy hike . the youngest child was having fun , dressed in red . he explored the trees in the brisk air . they held their hands out with sunflower seeds to feed the birds . later , the young boy hitched a ride on the dads back .
here we are in shadow on our way to sightsee . we made sure to take sunblock to this sunny place . we stopped at an historic monument . it was in ruins but very interesting . later we gorged at dinner .
the historic stone building architecture is simply amazing . the pyramid was picturesque with the stairs and trees . the waterway underneath the rocks was quite amazing . the historic blue round building is a masterpiece . the historic building is beautiful still to this date .
we went on the house tour , in search of a new home . there were many interesting options including this green house . a more well kept manor was my favorite . i also like the gated brick house but it was way out of our price range . the house that consisted of 7 bedrooms was also really great but also too expensive .
we finally made it to the top of this mountain . i had to stop on the way and rest a little . i did n't think this bridge would hold a human body but it is pretty solid . the waves were really beautiful from where i stand . one final view of that beautiful of that inviting water .
[female] loves taking pictures at her friends parties . every one loves conversing . [female] loves to be the center of attention . the party was going well , every one was having fun . at the end of the night , every one had fun and talked a lot .
the fog is magical above the tmountain peaks . the three friends pose together in the wilderness . the tree makes it home in the rock . in such a high altitude it 's common to see the clouds at head level . the three friends pose again .
i got on my skateboard yesterday to ride around town and take some pictures . i was in the fast lane . i also did some tricks in the intersection . there were many cars on the road at the time . i decided to skateboard with them .
there 's the boat i plan to be on very soon . it sure looks like this is going to be good time . that area looks like it 's going to be a great view . this is a very pretty boat to be relaxing on . now this is the picture of relaxation and fun .
the statues stared blankly at the people passing by . there were so many statues in this city , but the architecture was gorgeous . the only way to get around was by riding a camel , and so people would ride camels up and over the hills all day long .
every sunday the family drives 30 minutes to church . usually by 8am everyone is meeting in their assigned church groups . the daughter is enjoying a nice scenic walk around the church . [female] attends sunday school to enhance her faith . the teacher writes the day 's lesson on the board .
our family took a trip to this church today . people still attend services and the inside is very modern . here 's our girl next to the church - notice the beautiful windows . she had so much fun sitting in the old fashioned desk and seeing what kids used to use in school . it was fun to see the way teachers would write in cursive on the old blackboard .
i could sit here and watch the beach all day . taking the scenic railway ride . how interesting these buildings are . fishing by the breakers . this place is packed during the summer . we get to see it not so full .
the kids spent the day at grandpa 's pool . it was [female] 's first time in the water . she sat with grandpa in the hot tub . i also swam with her . she wanted to wear her red white and blue shirt later .
driving on a sunny day in the car . driving behind an 18 wheeler is no fun . visiting the oddly shaped building . a giant sculpture of grapes . in hotel that overlooks the city .
we went bike riding at night . we made sure to leave the car in a safe place . after we went to the taco truck to have a good meal . it was so delicious we ate a ton . we finished our ride around the city at 10 .
when grandmother got mad , she would take off and travel . we never knew where she was but often the locals would take a photo for us so we would know she was safe . in this photo , she is enjoying a beer a her favorite pub . after a visit to the pub , she always takes a walk to the bus stop . she always comes back home and says how horrible it was and that she walked the whole way home , but we always know better .
the baby cactus are many in the field a circle of love in sculptures is great in town view we all wonder when we visit each having our own views of the statue in standing the nice figurines showing family or a mother 's love for child being able to put your ideas on a figurine is an option of your choice
the family went on a camping trip . for the youngest , it was his first time camping . the children mostly goofed off while the adults set up camp . it was time to hunt and the dog was given an item to catch its scent . they headed off to find some deer .
what sort of magic is this ? yummy , yum yum . how many does this one make ? diet , we do n't need no stinking diet . ca n't move , ate too much .
the scenery surrounding the area is beautiful . here is an amazing example of ancient ruins . look at all of those stones . it is incredible how all of this has been recovered . even the cats like to hang out here too . there are lots of lovely things for sale in the nearby shops . this store sells mainly rugs .
there was so much snow in the city today . i had to walk back to my car . many people passed through here . i had to be very careful going down these steps . finally i made it back to the parking lot .
christmas this year was wonderful . everyone got so many great gifts . we all woke up really early to open our presents . we were all so happy with our gifts . i love christmas with my family !
there was a parade in this small town today . there was even a clown on a small bike . there were soldiers and police cars all over . there was a decorated fire truck as well . people were holding american flags .
it was christmas morning and the kids were excited . they could not wait to get their gifts opened . i believe that he enjoyed his new seat . they got many new toys and played nicely together . they were happy with all they received and played for hours .
to understand who we were as a society it is important to visit historic locations . each location has a timeless story to be told or an important event that started a movement . to acknowledge the past opens up opportunities for the future . not to mention , taking in such locations can be equally as entertaining as learning about the location itself .
we were getting close . and , we knew in our hearts , we would find that gold . we continued up the mountain , it seemed like days . and , finally , we reached our camp . we rested by the fire for the night because tomorrow was the start of our journey . we were now gold miners and we would be living like them for the next six months .
we went out around the city today . we got many interesting things to eat . not to mention , to drink ! the shops were very interesting . we had a great time out today !
this is the entrance to an old abandoned amusement park . our family decided to stop and explore all the different buildings . this is an old building where they sold concessions and bathing suits . this is the old building where a lot of the games were played . as we drive out we pass by the old convenience store . what a fun place !
the salad was prepared and ready to eat . i also created a healthy dessert . this is the second dessert i created with grapes and yogurt . the family really enjoyed their self and it was nothing but smiles . the night ended with many dishes but it was well worth it .
it 's odd to see a modern piece of art nowadays . the microphones worked great and reached far back into the audience . a stranger took the microphone and asserted that clams are taking over the world . the fourth of july came a few days early , it seems . [female] ripped a giant plant out of the ground and laughed all the way home .
crashing into inanimate objects at high velocity had left the transformer worse for wear . its occupant had walked away unharmed , thanks to the airbag . now , stuck in the form of a organization organization , it waited on the trailer . in the background , a young station attentive tried to fire up the orange pump to bring it some oil to quench its thirst . with its hood propped open , the subaru dreamt of electric hybrids .
bloghaus event during south by southwest . participants are taking their places . he is getting ready for his speech during the event . red cowboy boots are always fashionable . she looked pretty with her tiara .
i had a great time at the carnival . it was really beautiful . there were many lights there . the rides were crazy . i was very nervous .
our family went to the lake last saturday . my husband , [male] , had a really good time there . [male] and his buddies enjoy hanging out and doing 'guy ' things together . a vendor was selling beautiful garden spinners . these are the two we bought . i think they 'll looking lovely in our backyard .
the farmers market looks great today , and we will start here . as we move along there are so more fresh products at this location . yum , some even better beats and onions are right here . after all this walking the father and son want to sit and relax for a minute . finally , after all that shopping we are going to enjoy one of the shoes here .
family going to the park to have some fun . her mother is teaching her new tricks . mom teaching her son how to dance . her father teaching her how to dance . playing with her brother .
geisha girls are common to find on stamps from location . this one from 1966 features butterflies along with a geisha . in 1967 location issued one that featured a lake behind the geisha . here is one from 1969 where a girl is getting her hair fixed by another geisha . on this 1970 stand the girl is holding a japanese drum called a `` tsuzumi '' .
working on her homework before going out . taking a picture of the waves coming in . walking in the water . having fun and running away from the waves . late night dinner at the organization organization restaurant .
a tour of the city is something that many people opt for . with their large victorian like look they are breathtaking . a sculpture outside resembling a spider web is captivating to many . a statue stands motionless on the outside . finally the last part of the tour involves a building that looks just like a castle .
we visited location over the summer for our vacation . location had some really nice beaches and activities we took part in . here our family was together at the beach hanging out and enjoying the weather . there are a lot of historical structures in location as well . we saw some old structures scattered throughout the city . this church was one of our favorite buildings in location . it was beautiful and the architecture was amazing . all in all , our vacation location was awesome and we would recommend it to others .
it 's graduation day and the new graduate poses for a picture with her proud parents . the family enjoys time together in celebration of the graduation . the new graduate went on a trip and got to hang out at the beach , a new experience for her . she also spends time with her girlfriends , celebrating their accomplishments . now that it is summer and the graduation is long over , it is time for vacation and tourism .
the man climbs the ladder . he then gets the silicone gun ready . first he loads the tube of silicone into the silicone gun . then he turns the handle of the gun until it tightens against the tube . then he uses the silicone gun to apply the silicone to the wood door frame . once he has put the silicone on the door frame , he then attaches the door frame to the door .
we are about to take out the boat and go fishing . it is a beautiful day to go fishing . i just got back from fishing , we caught a lot of fish today . we just finished eating fish that we had caught today . the sky looks beautiful tonight , we had a great day .
we took a drive to a local village . we stopped at this historic house and posed for a picture with the owners . we stopped and had some drinks in the house and saw some peacocks on top of the house .
the beach was crowded , even early in the morning . luckily , there was room to play in the sand . they 'd even sat up rides for the crowd . after the beach , we decided to go to a baseball game . it lasted long enough to be our last event , but it was worth it .
a few friends and i went to the park today . we rode our bikes and hung out . here 's [male] riding his bike with a joyful expression . then , [male] fell in the lake with his bike . it was an accident but it was hilarious to watch .
first the lady crossed the street . then another lady crossed the street . a third lady just stood by watching . so a fourth lady crossed . and then came a woman on a bike .
at christmas time in the town , there are lots of events you can see . there is a light and ice sculpture display to view . there are also musicians playing in the street . this church does a large pageant every year . there is also a christmas concert put on by the local theater group .
the wilderness is really quite when you go camping . we watched the sun go down . the light faded over the hill . the trees were just shadows on the horizon . the light was almost gone when we decided to go to bed .
the old man was riding the escalator . he was almost to the top . his kids were already at the top . some police were at the top . it was a train station . they then got on the bus .
we decorated the truck for the parade . we dressed up too . grandma went all out for the parade . we made pom poms for everyone . there were hats and balloons for everyone .
i went to see a terrible singer last night . she was so bad everybody left . she continued to play the empty hall . the displeased crowd went outside and torched her car . she went outside to see what was going on and somebody stole her guitar .
i used the walkway to find the nearest clock tower . when i arrived at one , i noted the time and place . i took a picture along this odd seat and then i headed for the fair . when i got to the fair , i rode the carousel twice . i went for ice cream to finish my day off .
our home is in the wind-swept plains . in one direction is an old pump windmill with a modern wind farm in the distance . in another is rocks carved by the wind . anyone familiar with wind erosion can tell you the wind has been carving the stone here longer than man . not that man has n't managed to a do a bit of carving themselves .
the event was to celebrate history . people dressed in costume and held props . performers symbolized the history and times of the past . the event drew a fair sized crowd . the event lasted for several hours that day .
here i am at location location graveyard . today should be fun . dirty old grave here . i wonder how old it is ? so much history here . these gravestones are very fancy for their time . this one is unique looking . what an interesting day .
there was a terrible fire last night . he watched the blaze from his room on the second floor . the smoke was billowing for hours . it was on the news before dark . it was late in the night before the fire was put out .
the living was fully decorated for the party . we had a lot of gifts when everybody had left . there was a lot of cleaning up to do . i set everything aside for me to do tomorrow . all of the children really enjoyed their gifts .
this is our first preview of the new restaurant . the decorations did n't seem like much . we had heard that this restaurant would be good though . we had a view of the train out of the window . the walls were plastered with these designs .
adventure con was exciting this year . my sister ran into her favorite stuntman . we enjoyed seeing the captain [male] lookalike . so many people came dressed as their favorite characters . we could n't resist taking a picture with the stormtrooper .
the car had been impounded . he knew the front had been damaged while it was being towed . he took pictures to show the damage . the damage to the front was severe . he also noticed a very large dent in the back .
the married couple decided to take a road trip to the beach . they got there around 2 pm and took a selfie at the sea . they hung out in the dunes a little . after the beach they went into town and explored . they capped the day off with a nice dinner .
we arrived in location location and quickly headed down the stairs . we wanted to jump on the subway and head to the city center . we arrived and were amazed at the beautiful nature of the location . and , we joined in the hustling crowds and started walking . we reached our hotel and were happy to check in and rest and experience location location tomorrow .
every year we travel around to see all the christmas lights . this tree looks so much different than when it is light up . the decorations lining the streets were so pretty and different . every lamp post was decorated in bright wreaths . out of all the lights at christmas time , i liked this one the most .
the family arrived at the natural trail on their vacation . they took a break halfway down the trail . a few members of the family tried to climb into the water . after the trail they all went out for lunch . they decided to make it a picnic .
i went to a gun training class , but i was n't the only one , because my friends came with me . we inspected ammo and learned how to shoot at targets . [male] and [male] were proud of their hits .
a trip to location to see the sights . big [male] of course . did n't catch a glimpse of loch ness but did see this bird . and the many stautes . and war relics .
we went to a fair . we took a photo with a costumed character . then we stood in line for some food and beverages . i really liked the funnel cake . of course , i shared it with my friend .
our family took a trip across the ocean last summer . we went to many beautiful cities . we enjoyed touring all the old architecture the cities had to offer . there were many interesting things to see , so many things different than our culture at home . there were many days that the weather cooperated and we were just able to walk around the town and discover many secret places we would n't have known . on the last day of our trip we came across a beautiful building that my sister thought would be a wonderful location for her wedding . looks like we will be coming back next summer .
the motel was vast . guests went shopping often . organization organization organization organization was a favorite . as were the numerous plants for sale . after a long day of shopping guest could look forward to relaxing in their rooms .
we started by making a sand castle at the beach . we got buckets and got to work . we then did a little fishing at the docks . some of us flew kites to pass the time . as always , the kids did a good job of keeping themselves busy .
i was very excited for halloween this year . i invited all of my friends to my house . we got together for a big party . afterward we were really tired . the next day some of us were still in our costumes .
it was a festive night for a organization meeting . the teachers got together for a chat before the parents got involved . the parents patiently waiting to ask their questions . finally the princeable steps up to the mike and welcomes the parents . it was now time for the parents to ask their questions for the teachers .
the kids were excited for the easter egg hunt . the compared what each other found . afterwards they played games . there was even a storyteller there for the kids . all the kids had an awesome time .
guess who 's having a baby ? her older sister is n't happy because she likes being the only kid in the family . mama is opening lots of different presents . her favorite presents are all the cute outfits that she is getting . at the end of the party , daddy thanks everyone for coming and helping to celebrate the birth of their new child .
first , we went to the market to shop for meat . the we got busy cooking it . we ate on the balcony . afterwards , we went for a walk to see the neighborhood sights , like this graffiti-covered apartment building . in a common area , we wondered where all these carefully arranged figurines came from .
we took a trip down to the lake . we laid out in the sand to get some sun . then we watched the dogs play in the water . we watched the artists make artwork by the water . after that a lot of people showed up to look at the artwork .
while on vacation , we decided to go sight seeing . we went to many old parts of the city . we also went to the country . the houses that we saw were lovely . it was a great tou around the area..
i 've stored my luggage away and i 'm ready to set sail on my once in a lifetime vacation . to pass the time , i ate a small meal in my room . the first thing i noticed upon arrival was the sparkling blue ocean and white sand . i dared my friend to go flying . she took the dare and flew high like a kite .
the event was about to begin . a horse-drawn carriage came by first . then the band appeared . there was a truck that drove by . the band played on .
there was a sign announcing when you had passed into the red light district of location . on one side , there was a ferris wheel . on the other side were sex shops . there were wall murals near the ferris wheel . it also had a restaurant called the green light district . we ate there before heading into the red light district .
many people arrived down town to watch the parade that celebrated the military . in the middle of the parade they had troops parachute in . after that there was highly decorated soldiers . the boy scouts followed at the end of the parade . everyone was there to cheer the parade on .
my friend begged me to sight see while we were overseas . after i agreed , we encountered some unique statues atop buildings . however , the statues during our window shopping were interesting as well . even the statues along the streets were fun to look at . she was very happy that we were able to explore before saying goodbye to the city .
[male] is pregnant and having a baby shower . her first gift looks like a big one . there 's an organization book in it . she also pulls out a onesie . and finally , some little hand booties so the baby does not scratch their cheeks .
the whole family went to see the parade . the was a bunch of people in blue and a big float . the people in the parade were colorful . this person looked like a medic with a gun . this lady had a neat red costume and cool red makeup .
we were hiking through the plains the other day . while hiking through the plains we came upon a ridge . after we crossed the ridge we were shocked to find a beach on the other side . from the beach we spotted a huge rock jutting out of the water . we walked closer to the rock and was surprised at how big it really was up close .
at the venue , we ran into this unique subscription of magazines . the tables were full of building blocks . my friend brought her lucky red dancing boots . this man was clearly prepared for the hike in the club . this beautiful woman with a tiara ran into me .
the couple was ready for their first vacation together . first stop was to the landmark beach . next they went to the boardwalk for some rest . then they headed towards town for dinner . they had a unique dessert to cap off their first day of vacation .
pit crews lined up on the pitstop to work on the racecars . this car was in first place for most of the race . his pitcrew was one of the best in the country . after trailing in 3rd for most of the race # 83 headed the pack for a short while . eventually this car was finished with repairs and the driver managed to pull back into first and win the race .
it was nana 's birthday the young kids were there too and they even had a mascot for the young ones he was a very silly guy indeed nana loved her birthday party
it 's baby 's first birthday ! the card and present made the baby happy . the baby was waiting for some cake . the cake was very enjoyable , and messy . then came the fun part , washing it all off .
some friends went skiing . it was a cosplay ski day . we wore outlandish outfits . we dressed up like different people . we even made our own superhero names .
the band on stage played played for an audience . they played various instruments like the electric guitar . the audience was excited to hear them play . one of the guitarists performed a stunt where he played on his knees . the band even got the audience involved and let a little girl on stage .
[male] was a beautiful little girl who had many different talents and enjoyed life to the fullest . she loved to dance and frequently entered dance contests month after month at her dance teacher 's urging . she was loved very much by her parents and they loved her too . they also supported her every whim . ever since the day she was born , they doted over her and made it their lifes work to make sure she had a great childhood . i think fondly on her all these years later , that little girl who stole everyone 's heart and who always had a dance in her step and a smile on her face .
we arrived at the parade and immediately spotted a man in a bright hat leading the way . the parade began moving past as women dressed in vibrant colors danced in a wild trance . everyone from the largest man to the smallest child was decked out in bright attire . the sound of pounding drums filled our ears as skilled drummers began marching past in a procession . we could n't believe how amazing this unique culture was , we had a great day watching the rest of the parade .
i decided to go diving today . i went just far enough to get to a reef . i got lucky and saw many schools of fish . i even saw a manta ray ! this coral is the most beautiful one i saw all day .
this was my favorite porche at the porche car show last weekend . if i were to get a porche , this would be the exact style and color i would choose . the headlights and rims were one of a kind ! the front end was so sleek and pretty . we were able to get inside and look around to get a drivers feel for it !
my friends loved riding in my new car . even though traffic was bad , we still got to listen to good music . we walked down the street and looked for fun things to do . a local band was playing and they made us dance . the guitarist was very good and we want to watch another concert just for them .
a good day to be a dog . we played in the grass . smelled delicious smells . looked through the railings . and even jumped on some logs .
the new car could not look any better . a view from the drivers seat made me want to buy it . the tires handle mud really well . a couple of off-road trips later , i realized this is the perfect car for me . the rest of the land will be driven by me later .
the columns were made to look like ruins on the old estate that we stayed at . it was a beautiful place with manicure lawns . the mansion itself was modeled after a castle . it was huge . it had over 40 bedrooms . truly a place made for a king . in fact , it was a previous prince that commissioned the ruins . he loved the greek ruins when he visited and he wanted to bring a bit of it back with him .
her beauty was masked by the heavy stage makeup . normally , she would n't go out in public that way . but today was no normal day . members of the play had all volunteered . even spectators wore heavy makeup to show support .
we came across some buildings down by the ocean . the view from the buildings was so relaxing . we stayed long enough to watch the sun set . at night we came across some christmas lights displayed in the water . it was really cold at night by the water .
during the basketball game , the player attempted to save the ball for the team . then he took a shot to score . after that he was guarded by 3 other players . the player with the number one then passed the ball to his team mates . the blue team tried to get the basketball back .
this summer i took me a nice little vacation over seas . the architecture there was amazing . this arch here was one of the greatest things i 've ever seen . i had to take a picture of this to bring back home to my drinking buddies . the night life there is pretty exciting and the streets are lit up wonderfully .
the park is a great place to view the city . there are lots of monuments and other exiting landmarks . the rides are fun for adults and kids alike . this photo provides an interesting way to view the city . parents and kids love to spend all day here .
the boardwalk is so crowded today . are we sure we want to go ? have to ride the cyclone . it 's always a must . let 's ride one more time . the beach is so warm and i 'm going swimming before we go to the ballgame . what a surprise..a wedding before the ballgame . that was a really cool way to get married .
[female] and [male] bring their daughter [female] to visit . grandma 's famous smirk . [female] enjoys her snack . her cousins flock to her . [female] is not impressed . she continues eating .
my friends and i went to a renaissance fair today . our friend [male] was making kilts for us . later some women came out during a parade . i got my dad to try on a kilt . he actually thought the kilt looked good on him .
i wanted to show off my hometwon . there is a building close to where i live . this is my office where i work , i just got a new job . looks like some bad weather could be moving in . but then the sun comes out !
everyone was really excited for karaoke night . we all discussed what we 'd be singing . each person who took the stage was a hit . some people were too shy to go up . i did really well during my song .
the four friend 's first trip to the mountain . they celebrated by jumping in the air while taking a picture . they felt adventurous and decided to ignore the danger signs . it was not a good idea . somehow , one of them got their head stuck in a tree . the finally made it half-way to the top and decided to rest and look down on how far they 've come . they finally made it to the top and was treated to a magnificent sunset .
we went to the local parade this weekend . there were funny clowns on mini motorcycles . our veterans were also represented by a few people . the local fire department decked out their truck in flags . we had a good time , everyone was happy and all smiles .
today was the best day of my life . i saw this wacky sign at the beach . i wonder how they do that . the displays were stunning . i was n't sure what was going on .
it is hard to decided which color to make my new bed covering and this yellow does not seem to match my room . pink is really not the color i am looking for either . this orange one seems nice but not really the color i seek . maybe a multi-color one would be good . yes , these multi-color ones will work perfectly .
she gets the party started with some candid shots of everyone . they all chat about daily events and pick their snacks as the party begins . she sure is happy about all the drink options ! one of the ladies laughs at a joke the man in the other room just told . party is over so it 's time to relax and get ready to leave .
i was working on coloring my hair . my girlfriend thought it was really funny . i was finally almost done . i really liked out it turned out . i think it made me look a lot better .
on my way back home to location in this frigid weather . roads looking pretty slick as i can get to the toll booth . nothing but gray skies as i cross the bridge . took a little rest stop to take in the scenary . the white snow looking marvelous as i snap some pics .
we same interesting sights on the trip . one of the most interesting , was the cemetery , which had lots of unique fencing around the plots . we wanted to stay here . it is a beautiful bed and breakfast inn near the city . this old church had a beautiful sanctuary with wonderful architecture . this was one of the old shops that had been renovated . we were surprised at the detail on some of the houses . look at the elaborate scroll work . it was a beautiful trip .
today we went to the fair . they have so many rides to choose from . this one was my favorite ride to ride on . we all had so much fun together . there were even too many rides to ride all in one day !
[male] and [male] were brothers . they had a cute rodent for a pet . and one day they got a new puppy ! the puppy soon grew up into a big dog . but they always remembered how cute and little he had once been .
a young couple goes out with friends to celebrate his birthday pizza for dinner , and a naughty cake for dessert ! the couple drinks and enjoys the celebration going home happy
there was a big festival in town a big flag was flown to commemorate a man was pulled on a chair through the parade dancers performed behind him a karate crew showed up to show off some tricks
the kids sat anxiously in their camp shirts waiting for the festivities to begin . here at camp , there are lots of things to do , like play chess , or jump on the trampoline that 's floating in the lake . you can also ride horses , and eat pospicles with friends . camp is a magical place .
the capital building was really tall . we traveled from our home city to visit this town . the cars on the street were yellow . the ruck in the street was blue . we got back home and rented a movie from this venue .
we invited people over for a cook out . we did n't have much of a pool , but it was fun . they lit fireworks in the pool . we had some drinks , too . the guys were goofing off with watermelon .
yeah , we are the best rock band in location they told me i had to stand in the back because i 'm the base player . man this is a killer band . my ear drums are bleeding . i told you the base player has to stand in the back . get out of my face you selfish lead guitarist . that 's right dude . i 'm the lead guitarist and i 'm the best and prettiest so i get to be up front .
the first thing we did on our trip was take a trip down the railroad . it goes on for a good distance , but it has some interesting scenery . afterword we worked our way back in the park and had some fun on the coasters . after the day was done we headed back to the visitor 's lounge for a bit . we had some live music and other attractions and spent the rest of the time relaxing .
everyone showed up to work in costume today . there were some great costumes . i had a lot of fun taking pictures of everybody . outside we played halloween games . it was so much fun !
the girls were best friends . the young women posed in the light of the sunset . the young couple took a picture while enjoying their night out . the girls had a nice day out at the beach . the roommates decided to prepare a meal together .
we finally arrived at the coast . the beaches are more rocky than i imagined . my dad walking down the beach . we set up the camera take the best pictures . this is a beautiful sunset we captured .
taking a picture in front of the sign . presenting and promoting their business . having a chat with a business fellow . and sharing ideas . the young entrepreneurs taking a picture .
we had a blast in england we saw the royal guard and took in the sights everywhere we went there was this black flag and we went to an indoor specialty mall
it is christmas time ! look how pretty the mall is set up as . the tree is standing tall and beautiful even the arcade is all set up and ready . the mall looks beautiful , people are so excited .
even as the party raged , the cat watched over the house , making sure things did n't get too out of hand . but , eventually , the cat got tired and fell asleep . that 's when the avid partiers knocked the cat 's favroite lamp off of the table . one over imbibed partier began to use it as a microphone to sing hardcore music into . the other partiers did n't want her to feel bad , so they pretended to be amused .
today we went to the snowy highlands . we walked down old roads and saw some sheep . we climbed a snowy hill . at the top we saw an old car buried in the snow .
a group of bicyclists decided to bike through a mountain trail . it was extremely sunny and hot that day . the road was really rough as they were going downhill . they even had to test their balance by going on a log . one of the bicyclists decided to bust out a trick .
having a great night out with my girlfriend ! the city lights are beautiful from the water . the best way to get around the city for sightseeing is on a bus . we are waiting to get on a charter boat to sightsee from the water . my girlfriend is beautiful out enjoying the beach .
he really wanted to get his wife away from all these skyscraper buildings . he decided to take her to a beautiful beachfront hotel . there was a gorgeous courtyard which they sat at in the evening . she loved the beautiful sky with puffy white clouds . the beach was so wonderful ; they hated to go back home at the end of the long weekend getaway .
we went to a fancy chinese restaurant . peking duck to start off the course . shrimp in garlic sauce . hot and spicy beef . soup with mushed beans .
i was at the park yesterday . we left to go for a walk . it was a beautiful sunny day . when we got back home we decided to keep walking . there were beautiful flowers along the sidewalk .
the food art show was very interesting . this watermelon was made into a puffer fish . these two are really cute . the pets came to see the food . the goats love to eat the hay after the show .
it was the semi-finals round of the baseball season . the tension is high and we are trying to take out this team . a curve ball was pitched to get this batter out as quickly as possible . oops ! it seems like a home run . she better hurry before she does n't make it in time . wow ! that was a close one but it seems that she made it .
a little boy and girl were at the beach . they played tag together . in addition , they built sandcastles . however , their creations were destroyed by the boy . so they decided to climb up a hill instead .
we took the boat across the river . we got off at the shore on the other side . then we found our hotel and headed back to the beach . we arrived just inside to see the sunset . i caught a great picture of it for a hallmark card .
at a rock concert singing their number one hit . playing a guitar solo . playing a guitar solo with his dad . thanking his fans for their support .
a man rode into town on his motorcycle . he stayed at the location location . on the way he saw a flag outside of a restaurant he later went to . he then decided to visited the shore . he walked on this stone path that led away from the land .
i had a great time on vacation last week . i stayed in a traditional hut . it was a beautiful location . the place was very clean for being outdoors . i had a lot of projects to do while i was there .
a large tree marked the city 's business district . many gathered around to enjoy the day 's festivities . the city dwellers woke up early to leave home and attend . the building is one of the oldest in town . after the event , everyone went home .
we went to the carnival . there were lots of interesting rides . many people were waiting for some of the rides . this ride was my favorite . this ride was particularly scary !
the students proudly manned their recycling booth . many immigrants in the parade did n't know you could recycle electronics . they walked down the street , proud of their mexican heritage , without even glancing at the organization tent . gathered in a circle , the foreign students debated the benefits of global warming . in agreement the location being burnt to a crisp was a bad thing , they ended up at the recycling booth , seeking information .
it was the day of my wedding and time to say my vows . after we had said our vows it was time to pray before we ate dinner . dinner was at sunset , and the view was amazing . we left for our honeymoon just as the last of the light was leaving . we were so happy to make it to the hotel , ask we wanted was sleep .
this rock looked very dramatic with the waves ! the water was very striking and fascinating . saw a deer in the woods later on and had to grab a pic ! and this bird as well , almost seemed to be posing for the camera ! my favorites though were these otters .
the ice sculptures in the park were beautiful and detailed . they were carvings of different snowflakes . one looked like a leaf . there was a bronze statue on the bench nearby , watching it all . other sculptures formed a gate . and still others were of animals .
i went out for a walk last week . there were a lot of old buildings outside . i drove my car into the parking lot . i decided to see if there might be a restaurant nearby . there was just more old buildings .
our mini vacation took us on some rail rides . neither one of us had ever been on any commuter or passenger trains . i liked the sign that translates `` discover the world '' because that was what we were doing on our mini vacation . the angel statues were incredibly lifelike , but all i could think was about those dr. who episodes of the angels that attack you . the architecture was old and grand . we spent hours exploring the biggest buildings . this angel statue looked lonely and somewhat ominous set against the background of the steel gray sky .
today is my birthday ! look at my amazing cake . next i got to open presents . mommy helped me rip the wrapping paper . i got so many new toys everyone had lots of fun .
there was a tall monument on a hill . it was made of large stones . a man walked along the grass and looked at it . some sheep walked nearby in a field . behind the sheep there was a large body of water .
the robinson 's made it to the biggest triathlon of the year . the water was cold but the swimmers persevered . a bicyclist almost hit the cones but he kept his cool . he peddled hard on his way to victory . an award ceremony was held at the end of the bike race .
several people came out for the home viewing . the grounds were deorated with plants . the green shrubs made the yard stand out . and provide shade for the home . garages were just a few of the bonuses to this home .
the club of hikers decided to take a two day hike up to the location location . they checked their gear and their plan of action before taking off . the club of hikers hiked along the path for 10 hours straight . they set up camp and relaxed and ate before going to bed and continuing the next day . finally , they made it back to their cars after the long hike .
the auditorium was beginning to fill up . it did n't take long . in minutes it was filled to capacity . he joked he hoped they would n't have to call the fire marshals . then he addressed the graduating class .
the race in town was cool , as you could use any means you wanted to try to get to the end , and we used a bike . we laughed as our little brother was unable to get over the red bar , and had to carry his bike . but then we tried , and we could n't get over the bar either . everyone was having a hard time , like this little guy who fell down . old mr. jenkins won , with his sitting down skis !
there was once a young man who decided to go to a local community concert . he saw plenty of old people dancing and talking to the music , and just enjoying themselves . he also saw hipsters blowing bubbles and drinking beer as they watched the entertainment . he favorite performer was a young lady , who sand a song that reminded him of home . however , the crowd favorite seemed to be the old man that rocked out to classic 80 's rock music .
walking to nowhere and everywhere..thinking look at the sun rising , feeling good to be alive . sitting and pondering big thoughts and little thoughs . glorious sun rising how good it feels to be alive . watching the sun rise and seeing shapes in the clouds
in the garden of the mansion , there are statues of lions spurting out water . there are also statues of birds . little kids walk around in groups during their class trip . the mansion is very impressive to look at , it 's very tall and big . there is also a beautiful garden with purple flowers .
just mowed the lawn and she said she liked the feel . sitting very close to the edge , posing for this quick photo . working hard and showing off at the same time , this guy ! two men at odds , they will make up in the end though . she did n't know i had a camera !
this is the hotel we stayed at on our vacation . the hotel overlooked a busy road . we saw a piece of banksy grafitti on our way to the beach . at the beach , we walked along the boardwalk . it was a beautiful day ! we even fed the hungry seagulls .
the woman stood in protest as the boy looked on . the people in white walked as they held a flag and protested .
the man took his puppy to the park so they could both get some much-needed exercise . they played fetch , and they both had a lot of fun . the man threw the toy very far , and the dog started to get tired . so the puppy plopped down in the grass to rest for a while . before they left , they noticed that an adorable bunny had joined their fun too .
this is where we went on vacation today . it looks warm and tropical . it was actually a little cold outside . since it was to cold to swim , we went back to the bed and breakfast . my girlfriend loves to play pool so we spent the evening inside playing for hours .
some friends get together for a night of fun and drinking . they all are having a great time and enjoying each others company . some of them pose for pictures together . as the night goes on the pull out some fire works and start to light them .
took my first airplane ride today . it is amazing how small everything looks from up here . the clouds look so close and puffy . i love the look of the water from a plane . it all takes on a really serene look in black and white .
this is a picture of a road . this is a picture of a drink . this is a picture of sausage . this is a picture of a dinner plate . this is a picture of an oven .
on a rainy day , someone spends their time visiting location ' location location and surrounding attractions . despite the weather , the opportunity to see such things still creates happiness . despite the rain , the base of the location location still has visitors . nearby , a photographer takes pictures of the scenery . contrary to what the weather might imply , it 's quite a happy and interesting day , for some .
our beach vacation is at this beautiful waterfront resort . we took walks on the sandy cliffs of the beach . we really enjoyed the outdoor mall with open-air restaurant seating and live music . it was fun to have a live acoustic guitar player inside the restaurant to entertain us while we ate . it was a beautiful view at the sea wall .
i have always wondered what it would be like to be a model . i decided it would be fun to take some pictures of me to see how i would look on film . this one turned out too blurry . i think i really look lost in thought here . my favorite is this shot . i think it best captures my `` model '' look .
another fun day at location location and a special day at that . st. [male] 's day is a big event on this island and everyone wants to get in on the act . some people really get into it and go all out . even the water turned green for the occasion . this is a great place to celebrate , they have their rescue personally ready to do their jobs if anything goes awry .
every sunday after church , organization , [female] , and anelle loved to observe the cruise ships as they passed by ; designers had gotten so creative in recent years . one ship was made to look like a lady . she even had great big red lips . another had a yellow sports car painted on the side . marg 's husband [male] , however , preferred to fish off the pier and shoot the breeze with his grandson .
first , he cleaned the kitchen . then he cleaned the table . then he had to catch the cat and put him out . damn cat , he thought . finally , he started to work in the garage .
i went to the beach last weekend . there were some people there . we hung out for a few hours . i set up a tent there . we stayed the night .
last week we went on a hiking trip . we invited everyone we knew . there were a lot of people that showed up . we set off into the wilderness . at night we stopped to make camp and get some rest .
it was the annual fourth of july parade ! there were floats and booths and music and dancing . people were dressed up in their favorite red , white , and blue . even our teachers were having fun . but not everyone was thrilled to be there .
the parade was an amazing event , filled with color . the costumes were absolutely amazing . many participants in the parade had also painted their faces ! there was also a marching band in the parade . the marching band provided a fun musical backdrop for the festivities .
it 's very hot in the desert hence the head covering and sunglasses . two friends meet in her native country . a picture with the village children . learning to ride a camel is tricky . a nighttime horse ride is relaxing .
our trip to the ancient castle ruins was amazing . the castle sat high up on a hill , guarded by great big rocks . i had a fun time hiding in the rolling hills . we even met some friendly sheep along the way ! it was a beautiful day . i would n't change a thing .
the entrance of the park . visiting a disney park . entering the paradise pier . visiting the famous silhouette studio . bought a [female] mouse teddy bear .
the young couple took a hike to view the old stone houses in the woods . the scenery was very relaxing with a gently flowing river . the woman was fascinated reading about the history of the buildings . a picturesque bridge allowed the travelers to cross the river . all this hiking makes a girl hungry and the orange tasted great .
the minister at our church had a very exciting announcement on sunday . they were replacing the old organ player with a band . the band began to play up on the altar . they sounded great and it really made a lot of people start singing the hymns . we were all very surprised when a person playing the trombone joined in . overall , it was a great decision to replace the old organ player .
on [male] 's birthday he and his wife [female] went out for dinner with friends . they were joined by [male] and barb at their favorite place . after dinner they decided to go to a nearby night club . there they ran into [female] and [female] who were surprised but delighted to see them . later their red headed daughter [female] showed up and everyone had a fantastic evening .
it is st. [male] 's day and this man has dyed his beard green . his wife is wearing green gloves that say irish on them . beside them their son has on a green afro wig . they are at an event and the water has been dyed green in celebration . a crew of people are in the water on a boat . they are making sure the water does not lose its green tint .
we went to the park to do research on windmills . we were allowed to see the biggest windmill from up close . inside , we were able to see the cogs . up close , we were able to see the gears that turned the windmill . we went online to write what we had learned .
had a bunch of family over for the 4th of july . we barbequed and everything ! then it was time to walk down by the lake for fireworks . that fireworks were awesome ! but the best part was the grand finale !
today there was a festival in the french location location . they had a parade with colorful people . the parade lasted for a long time , spilling into different areas . beautiful women were walking everywhere . the party lasted well into the night .
this is one of the oldest houses in this historic area . this one has been renovated quite a bit . this one just might be my favorite . however , this one is the largest one i saw . and here you can buy little knickknacks .
enjoy now graffiti at the train station . friends on their way to the fair . about to get on the ferris wheel . best friends having fun after the ferris wheel ride . after the fair the friends had fun playing card games .
i cant wait to see these lights in action at the concert later . these guys dressed as the village people for the talent show . i think this guy was supposed to be madonna ? these two ladies were crazy , i think the picture speaks for itself . this young lady won first prize in the talent show for her rendition of `` candle in the wind '' .
reflections on the water are a truly beauty enhancing experience when it comes to fireworks . as the lights flash overhead they are mirrored in the water belong . looking like a firefly swarm raining down on the earth , joining with another rising from the water 's depths . it 's a welcome to a new world , one in which it 's almost possible that fairy tales are real . so sit back and enjoy the pretty lights as they ripple across the surface .
we celebrated [male] 's birthday . we made him a crown . we put on silly faces for pictures . [male] seemed to enjoy his birthday . [male] has a great sense of humor .
everything at the airport looked so busy that it made me even more nervous about my flight . after takeoff , i felt better once i looked out my window and saw the beautiful view . after landing , the sky was less attractive , a dreary gray having taken over . things looked busy here too , but it did n't worry as much this time . once outside the plane , it looked even less attractive , but it was the country i was excited for , not the airport .
[female] is here . soon the ducks will fly to warmer weather . the leaves are changing color . the last sand castles of summerwait for the tide to wash them away . people are spending more time indoors . they have left the beach behind .
today my fiance and i went on an outdoor adventure . we enjoyed a romantic surfing adventure on the waves . we enjoyed a relaxing lunch . we spent the afternoon horseback riding and enjoying the views . together we watched the sunset together at the end of the day . it was gorgeous !
the day started with a trip to college creek.there was a tour starting at the main house . we rode a horse and wagon throughout the quaint village . the gardens were peaceful and beautiful . surrounded by a white gate . the highlight of the tour was the actual tour of a ship docked on location location . inside the ship was exciting . lots of historical objects including a collection of muskets.ca n't wait to go back .
we decorated things for easter . the bunny turned out good . the eggs were perfect . we set up the baskets . we gave them all to the kids .
they wanted to enjoy a fantastic location vacation . they were able to do a lot of different activities like paragliding . something else they did that they enjoyed was exploring caves near by in a tour group . though there were some rainy days , there was always something to do on the ship . they would visit the pool on rainy days and just relax .
this airport had many airplanes including this parked one . there were also many buggy cars around to carry people . the airport was extremely busy that day . people were able to board the plane after an hour . the view from the plane after takeoff was amazing !
this man is celebrating his birthday with his family his daughter has brought her new boyfriend , who is quite anxious . dad decides to stick with his girls . he does not even know where the new boyfriend is . at least he does not have tattoos like this guy .
they told me it was my day , they were taking me out for a good time and that i deserved it . there is nothing like good friends/family , carnival style food and good entertainment to really lift a girl 's spirits . i love animals and they knew i would just love the dog frisbee competition as part of the entertainment for the day . i thought they might have forgotten but they really surprised me when we got home with a birthday cake just for me but of course i will share it . this really was my day and i am so lucky to have such special family and friends to spend time with that would surprise me with this cake which is just so pretty to me that i had to take a good picture of it for my scrap book so i never forget it .
all of my college friends decided to get together and have a good time . my closest friend and i had not seen each other for a few weeks and we had a great time talking . the boys showed up late and then made jokes about us arriving early . my close college friend [male] was laughing hard at me for being uptight . [male] , another college friend , was there to be sweet as usual .
we attended my aunt 's wedding at this famous bulding , where the couple had met . on the way to the harbor i saw so many boats , yachts , and even ships . this is the ship that my aunt rented for her wedding reception . even from a higher altitude , the ship looked massive . when the ship reached this perfect spot , the couple paused for photos .
the scenery at the party was quite unique . it felt like a future space odyssey people spun lights to make appealing visual patterns in the air sometimes the lights got so crazy it was hard to follow the patterns . some of us were dressed rather ridiculously . it was great getting to spend time together with the crew .
art finds many forms . art expresses so many emotions . art represents ideals of beauty . art can be fierce . art can be adorable .
everyone has gathered to celebrate the guest of honor . he ca n't believe his friends got him the camera he always wanted for his birthday . they think they can see the many , many candles from the cake reflected on the ceiling ! he thanked his good friend for throwing him the birthday party . these close friends gather in a quiet corner to catch up on old times .
the vacation we went on last year was so much fun . we took a ride in an actual steamboat down the canal . after that we biked the rest of the way down the trail . when we got back to town we decided to get some food . we stopped by a restaurant to eat .
the view of the sunset was beautiful . we decided to get back on the road before it got too dark . when we hopped on the plane we could see the entire landscape . the view of the sunset was beautiful from the plane . i had a great time .
the girls were playing a softball game she delivered the pitch off the mound she swung for the fences with this hit she slides in just safe into third base the game was hard fought for both teams
the abandoned prison on the outside of town is still standing . the methods use to keep the prisoners inside are still view able , like this barred windows . even thought the prison was very tall , they even put razor wire on the roof to stop prisoners from jumping off . the razor wire was super sharp , and a great deterrent . prisoners would always think twice before trying to cross over this deadly wire .
i went to the dock today . i wanted to see the boats . they were very beautiful . some of them were sailing boats . there were some that were very big .
our friends moved to a new place this past summer . they moved into this little place near the coast . he decided that he would welcome us by cooking us dinner . it was a very nice dinner that was enjoyed by all . we then settled down for the night and watched a movie .
today i 'm not here to ride . i 'm here to take pictures of these awesome riders . look how fast they are going . this guy is fast and wins every year . there he goes , off for the win . and again , he wins it . bikers are great .
waking up to easter gift baskets . loving his new gifts already . checking out his new toys . sharing a toy with his cousin . all ready for dinner with his uncle .
the concert begins . the band takes the stage . they are totally psyched . it is gon na be awesome . everyone has a great time .
the guy was walking along the shore and took photos of the pretty rocks before he saw some wood that had been destroyed .
the annual parade brought out some people with kingly costumes . several friends decided to pose in their costumes before the parade began . many bystanders also liked to show off their funky clothes . after a long parade , some young participants needed a rest . but one young man stayed behind to show off his wild hair and cape .
our trip to the zoo . this huge watchtower over us . look at the cute little penguin . `` huh ? who 's there '' guess what i am .
it was a birthday party . they had a full course dinner . they even had fondue . the birthday girl gave a speech . afterwards the guests danced .
going to the horse show is an awesome experience ! they are groomed to perfection . then perform there finest tricks . the power when they are jumping is amazing . there is no more noble creature on earth than the horse .
the crack in this road needs repair . the tractor dug up the damaged area . the truck with the tar came by and laid out the tar . next came the roller to smooth it all out . here are two of our finest very proud of their hard work .
the beach was so much fun last week . there were many hiking trails nearby . we stopped to eat some blueberries that we found . the view there was amazing . after spending all afternoon at the beach we all got in the car and drove back home .
i 've worked at our college library since i was 25 , which means i 've walked this wooded path to work for 30 years now . i can say almost every day of work has been a happy one . i love the beauty of our campus . the organization organization organization is one of the best college libraries in the midwest . i 'd like to think my employment has played just a little part in that being the case .
today we went to the beach and laid in the sun . the sun was hot , but it was a really nice day . eventually , we went for a hike and saw a koala ! we took photos with the koala . we found a wooden bridge and stopped for a photo .
my husband gives the go sign to open presents . he is the boss after all . look at his socks . just what he always wanted . the kids could n't wait to find out what they got this year . the dog wonders where her present is . after all the gifts were done it was time to try out the new game system .
my wife and i went to the beach last summer . the ocean was big and blue . we went for hikes along the beach on the big rocks . we spotted some really pretty purple flowers on our hike . and we were able to catch some breathtaking sunsets on the ocean .
first , prepare and measure all ingredients . place seasonings on the meat . roll the meat and wrap tightly in plastic wrap . place in pan and cook on all sides . plate your meat and your sides and then enjoy your delicious meal !
on our vacation , we found a car with a funny bumper sticker . first we stopped at the local bar . then we went down to the beach and saw a large bridge . after that we saw some giant hills coming out of the water . we stopped to take a picture of us on the beach .
we traveled up river to see some of the abandoned buildings from centuries ago . we could n't believe the architecture . it 's so much more impressive than modern buildings . and the scale of the place was both immense and breathtaking . there were monuments and relics everywhere . and a couple of places were even fixed up and livable .
many people showed up for the parade downtown . in the parade people were walking their goats and farm animals . they had chinese dragons that followed the trucks . after that they had a military truck that followed by . they were celebrating the 150th birthday of ipswitch at the end of the parade .
some friends decided to take a trip to the water . there were three girls in the group . they walked along the edge of the water . they looked at objects and tried to find things in the water . they picked up small objects they found .
today 's race was something we had been looking forward to for weeks . at the start of the race , everyone got ready at the agreed upon starting point . by the middle of the race , [male] was starting to flag . he hit a rock in the middle of the road and flew 10 feet through the air ! fortunately [male] was there to help him back onto his feet .
he was day dreaming while staring out the window of his office . at the end of the work day he checked into a nearby resort on a whim . he had a quick dinner on the patio of the hotel . the next morning he woke up to clear skies . it seemed like the perfect day to spend on the beach .
lit up display is seen as they drive down the road at night . bows and ribbons light up the highway . some red and green flowers light up the night . some closer photos of the bows are seen . from a distance there are some toy block light displays .
we took a lovely trip in the river while on vacation . we saw a bunch of different animals . look at the long beck . a duck is sitting in the grass taking a rest . a lot of different looking buildings . they are beautiful . i loved the ferris wheel ride along side the river . you could also see the building wonderfully .
it was my last day in location . i tried to convince this beautiful lady to come back home with me . i met with some of the local children for one last good bye . i decided to take one last final camel ride . my brother came and got me and told me it was time to head back to the hotel and get ready to go to the airport .
we enjoyed a summer vacation where we traveled to a spanish island . on the island , we rode bikes to sight see . we came across this fisherman who was getting ready to embark . the beautiful , local beaches stretched for miles . our favorite part of the trip was watching the sun set on the water every evening .
the snow covered the cars all of them . but it did not cover everything because there was a lot of ice and the sidewalks were covered .
friends gather for lunch at the pizza shop . getting ready to bring the first pizza to the table . the first pizza has almost been finished . someone checking their phone for messages . mugging for the camera , what a ham .
the city was buzzing today . everyone was going somewhere on this nice summer day . lots of people were hanging out at a nearby carnival . the fireworks started going off it was a great day in the city .
here 's my two favorite people enjoying the summer festival in our town this weekend my son could n't see so he wanted to get on daddy 's neck this picture is my sister nephew and soon to be niece here is my other niece telling us she think she had something stuck in her nose we had a great time at the festival ca n't wait for next year 's
our family went to location for vacation this summer . we rented a nice townhouse by the shore . every morning we went to see the sun rise . the rest of the day we would spend on the tour bus . at night we would watch the sun set .
i went for a walk along the river front today . there were some great waterfront properties that i got to see . this was a cool view i saw underneath a bridge . there was also an ethnic celebration going on further upstream . people were quite exuberant about the day , it was great to see .
this is a local swamp that we all volunteered to help clean up one saturday . by the end of the cleanup , we had tons of trash to put into the dumpsters . now it was time for a nice cookout , to reward ourseleves for the hard work we did to clean our community . mr. roberts is a master griller ! with full hearts and full bellies , we all pose for a picture at the end of a very rewarding day .
bikes sit on the edge of an location area . a sign in dutch saying rondvaart reedery p kooy . people enjoy a thrill on the carnival rides . bikes parked outside of sexy amsterdam brothel . the original location coffee shop the bull dog .
we had breakfast at a restaurant , before heading out on our trip . first we visited sea world and saw killer whales do tricks in the water . afterwards we went to a park , that had fields of different colored tulips . here you see , purple , white and pink colored tulips . we saw some bikers , on our drive back to our apartment .
today a group of friends visited the city to see a parade . they watched as hot air balloons passed by . after that people in roller skates rolled by . then there was kids in colorful costumes . behind the kids was a large peacock float that passed by .
we got a burger and a drink before heading out . we toured the streets for awhile . then we went over to the beach . we found a good spot to enjoy the day . then we all met up for dinner and drinks .
a swan swam on the quiet pond . a curious duck came onto land to look at the man with a camera . the duck approached a large boat and some passengers . the people sitting on top of the boat had never seen a duck come so close to them . another duck joined in , in hopes of scoring some bread crumbs .
a birthday celebration was held at [male] e cheese . the birthday child was having fun while the parents were looking on . the other kids were very happy as well . getting to ride the rides . a picture with [male] e cheese himself was a must . she also needed a picture with her favorite tv stars , the teletubbies
we found ourselves at a renaissance type costume party , and it was quite a show . the costumes were so realistic . there were princesses and other royalty . there were also regular people in costumes from the time . it was quite a party , and we decided next year that we 'd dress up and join in on the fun .
the festival has live music . there was a attraction in a trailer . a large tiger added interest . the live music continued with a dj ! there was attractions for the kids to play on as well .
we went out to eat last night . the town was known for it good restaurants . the food was wonderful . the view from the restaurants windows was spectacular . our walk home in the city was refreshing .
as the friends were getting ready for the bike race , they received all their passes to participate . it was a beautiful day for a race and in the lead were two competitors who were also the best of friends . when the 3 mile mark was reached the racers were starting to feel the burn but continued on in good spirits . the end of the race and the two friends were ahead of the rest . an end to a great day and all the bicyclists went to the local restaurant to kick back and relax .
the family all gathered to have a nice dinner together . first , they socialized . then , the first course was a fish dish . the second course was a delicious pasta . after the pasta , the family had fruit salad . for dessert , they ate a colorful fruit torte .
we started walking outside . we walked on the sidewalk . we visited the bridge . we went to the end of the bridge . we saw a speed limit sign that was upside down .
the annual mascaraed party has come back to the community center . there will be all kinds of interesting activities including arts and crafts . it 's always fun when the older kids participate as well . a nice dinner is served after the activities . then some wonderful instrument play for fun entertainment .
we worked the game that day . the crowd was so excited for the team . the show at halftime was entertaining . the marcee displayed many important players for the event . the evening ended with fireworks .
i was walking behind [female] , just watching . we sat and talked for a while . while we were there , there were two guys fishing . we stayed and watched the sun set . it was a great day .
it was the big wedding day . the ceremony took place in late afternoon . the groom handed a bouquet to an attendee . the sunset was perfect that evening . the bride and groom took a picture to remember this special day forever .
she was making signs for the christmas awards program . he made chocolate goodies for the attendants . the cans of fudge were ready to go . pictures and frames were put on the counter . the award posters were set up in the lobby .
while visiting another country we ran into this group of people . they were very kind to us . we tried to understand the best we could the way they did things . it was interesting to watch them and try to understand their meeting . they all sat on the floor and talked about things . many of them had very colorful things that they had made .
the festival tents lines the perimeter of the party area . all lights were on in the street where the festival was held . ther centerpiece was a large circular light installation on top of a building . the installation changed color and pattern . other buildings were similarly illuminated and hypnotic .
friends having fun at the party . dancing in the living room . then they prepared a snack . and blended drinks . and they went back dancing .
the beginning of our hike up the mountain . half way there enjoying the water in the bowl continuing the hike in a line up the mountain we made it the top of the mountain oddly there was a cross up at the top .
i spent a lot of time decorating the place for tonight . i put up so many lights . some of them were very obtrusive . i got to meet a lot of new people . afterward we got together for group photos .
we were packed and ready for the family vacation . everyone was excited about the hike up . we found the most beautiful spot . the campsite started to take shape once supper was being fixed . it was an exhausting but fun day .
we took a river tour while on vacation . the river passed many beautiful buildings . we saw this castle on the river tour . we stopped on the bank for a little while to take pictures . the river tour ended at a big dam .
the organization held a press conference to promote their new line of purses . [female] kardashian was in attendence . [female] answered questions from the audience . [female] posed for a picture . she also signed autographs for fans .
the bride to be shows off her diamond ring . a black and white photo of the couple . the engaged couple pose for a picture . the happy couple pose for a photo in the woods . the soon to bride has locked out the soon to be groom .
today i went to see the ruins of the old city . this is where i began the walk . that resort is new . this is only part of the foundation . we decided to take a break on the steps here . here are some columns from the foundation . they made the columns strong back then ! this building is very tall . look at the tiny windows though ! how did anyone get any air ? this is a photo of inside of the building . it was very interesting and i learned a lot of cool things .
i asked my girlfriend if i could show her my moves on her bike . she thought it was a bad idea but i took it anyway . look at me zoom ! what 's the worst i thought ? yup , i got the bike stuck in the water . it was fun though .
i was excited for this evening and ready to open the gifts . i got and american made tee from dad , he knows how i feel about this country . mom got me a location shirt , a guy can never have enough shirts . grandma gave me a card with exactly what was needed . and the best part of the evening was the cake .
i went to an amusement park while visiting location . i liked the rides that seat several because the lines move quicker . this ride was extremely tall . we also played some games . i won a stuffed animal at this one .
we went to the beach ! we caught some crabs ! all of the family took part . we even flew some kites ! the kids also played in the sand
yesterday we took a trip to our local beach . we spent a while playing in the coast 's warm waters . the beach was crowded , but we still had a great time . there were a lot of people out boating that we could see from the shore . eventually , we called it a day and headed to the organization organization .
i visited the public library with my dog today , on this beautiful sunny day . my maltese puppy is so cute and follows me around without a leash . here she is learning to fetch , with a stick that 's as long as her ! this fetch game continued for the entire afternoon . by evening , she was almost entirely pooped out , so we went back home .
i saw my first bald eagle on our vacation in location . the sky was clear and the water was transparent blue . we spent the majority of our time relaxing and drinking beer . we also caught a few crabs but were n't sure if we could eat them . the highlight of our trip was the luau on the penultimate day .
its time for our landscape reveal party ! fortunately we were able to get some of our grandfathers prized plants from his garden look at our glorious back yard oasis ! the privacy we 've created is astonishing ! look at the beautiful tree blooming by the garage - even the side of the yard is a secret getaway !
she posed in front of the old ruins . the water still came rushing out of the tunnel probably the same way it did all those years ago . a reflection pool was in the middle of the ruins and they wondered how that was possible . standing on top of the old wall they could look down and see the elaborate design of what would have been the interior . the tall pillars had withstood centuries of weather .
my father took our son to the park . he played with him at the park . i was in charge of preparing the food for the family picnic at the park . after visiting the park , my father and son visited the small fun house . my son got his face painted .
i had a beautiful day on the beach yesterday with [male] . when we first left the parking lot , we could see seals in the distance on the beach . [male] caught this pic with his zoom lens . in order to get to the beach we had to go through a bit of woods . we saw these beautiful flowers growing wild . and this little animal ... though i 'm not sure what it is . leaves on the ground so close to the beach ... it 's kind of amazing the variety of vegetation in this area . when we got down on the sand ourselves , we saw people playing and scampering around on these huge boulders . really unique shapes . must 've been carved by the wind and water . further down the beach , rocks formed an arch and were draped with the vegetation we had seen earlier in the woods . it was a cool place to get out of the sun .
our vacation started with a trip to the beach . we then explored the city and saw some amazing architecture . we even got to visit some historical landmarks . we were drawn back to the ocean where we stood under a pier . the last day of our vacation was spent touring the city 's residential area .
it was a beautiful night out on the water and everyone was at the party . people arrived in style , excited for the night . drinks were served and everyone partook . friends who had not seen each other in a long time were reunited . the night ended with silly dances .
it 's a clear day at the port . we take our junk ship out for adventure . we reach the unoccupied island . it is calm and peaceful here . you forget about the stress of society walking through a pathless forest .
the set stage before the concert began . tons of young talented rock bands performed . there were some very talented young people , including this amazing drummer . the two guitar duet was beyond great . this was the end of the concert and boy did he rock it .
when i got to the restaurant it was very dark . there were some lights there . i had a great time at the restaurant . afterward i took a cab back home . there were a lot of stairs leading down to my apartment .
a couple went on their honeymoon and walked along the trails . afterwards , the went surfing . they were hungry so they got some lunch . after their lunch , they went horseback riding along the trails . they then decided to watch the sunset .
we ate so much during dinner . i had a lot to drink . after dinner we were thinking we wanted some ice cream so we went to grab some . they had many different kinds of ice cream . we all enjoyed our ice cream .
we went to location it was interesting we met a 7 foot tall man we rode bikes in the tundra all in all it was a great trip
saw this car and had to have it . it was shiny and beautiful . the specs of the ad were right and the car was in my price range . went for a test drive and took it back to the dealership . bought the car the next day .
we had a brilliant idea to place acid into a wine glass . we carried the acid in a ceramic tea pot . and , then , we let it happen . a quick poor and turned it upside down ! it did not turn out well , as the wine glass received terrible damage , starting with a hole . and , culminating in complete destruction .
this is my car . it was in an accident . i was not happy . my car was messed up . it was going to be expensive .
look at the kids excited about he easter egg hunt . a lot of families in the community got together to organize this event for the kids . all the kids are in line , waiting to take off running in hopes of getting the best easter eggs . this little girl looks like she hit the jackpot . a basket full of eggs , and a gift basket filled with goodies . here are some of the neighborhood kids with their baskets . they had a really good time , but they 're all tuckered out . they used a lot of energy on the hunt for easter eggs .
my first week studying abroad in location . this is my dorm that the school have picked for me . early morning , the street i take to go to class . the buildings i pass every morning . there 's a nice lady there that always wave to me . this beautiful arch that i absolutely love .
we were mesmerized by the crowds nearby ! the whole town gathered for the speech ! we had fun adventuring through the city ! we had a great time discovering what the unique city had to offer ! we loved the community mindedness of the group we traveled with !
i decided i wanted to learn how to shoot a gun . i took lessons on gun safety , and proper usage . i learned how to load my clip . then i finally had a chance to shoot , it was such a rush . i did n't do too bad for my first time , i had a great time .
i went to the bar tonight for a few drinks . they were very tasty . i also went back home later to grab my stuff from my safe . it is very secure . i also bought some posters for my room .
crowds were gathered for the parade . marching stilts are always fascinating to watch . drums were only the beginning in the musical portions of the parade . on one corner , people laughed and talked about the festivities.. this man truly got into the spirit - complete with green face makeup .
i came to visit family . my little sister was there . my brother wanted to have a drink . our cousin was taking a break . we all sat there and had a good time .
we visited an antique shop jam packed with historical items . i love americana and they had it all . they even had a newspaper dispenser from decades ago . rows and rows of shelves with so many things . i remember rotary phones . i guess that means i 'm old .
we took a ride on the subway today . and stopped near our favorite place to go . we headed past the posters to our destination . the fair ! we love to hang out at the fair . the ferris wheel is my favorite !
ham is a staple in my house during the holidays but i can sit and eat candy all day , easter candy is great . after easter this is my go to treat . although i do love all kinds of candy , baked goods are my favorite .
we began our tour of the county on top the the overlook way above it all . once we came down to the river , we saw an old fashioned riverboat . we also saw a historic sight where the first settlement in this area was . the first church to be established here was still standing . organization organization organization organization still has services every sunday to this day .
the group went to visit the ancient church . they found stained glass depicting old biblical scenes . they even saw the birth of christ through the glass . the church was enormous and beautiful . they loved getting to see an ancient piece of history .
i went on a photography trip to the beach last night . i was able to catch some clouds in front of the sunset . and snap a great one of clouds in front of the moon . the beach looked beautiful with the mountains in the background . but the sunset made for the best picture of my trip .
the two women started their trip with a look at the beautiful bridge . next they visited the park and watched some dogs play . after that they visited some art . next the women went to the market to do some shopping . after that they took a walk through the busy town .
the cafe was crazy last night . so many people . i 'm glad i got a day off today . mad [male] 's meat was a big hit . we 've still never managed to figure out what it is or where he gets it from but when it tastes this good , who cares if a couple of drifters go missing once in a while . oh these animals really need to clean up after them . this is my life repeated night after night . ugh . this guy is a wizard in the kitchen . no matter what you give him , he 'll manage to rustle up something edible . which is good , because sometimes pickings are a little slim around here . mystery meat empanadas are on the menu tonight . the mystery is why anyone eats them but concha is a nice old lady so we let her stick around .
the man took his dog to the park on a sunny day . the dog ran fast to retrieve the stick . the man decided to play fetch with his dog . the dog was tired by the time it found the stick . a small brown rabbit stared at the dog .
an old photo of the family . here is another one of the members of the family in a cool and black white photo . rummaging through more stuff along with the old photos we found this old newspaper here is a more recent photo of the family , and they look great . yet another pic of the old family from a few years back . not as old as the first but still a good look back in time .
the road was abandoned as we drove on the highway . [female] decided this would be a good time to take a break . [male] , [male] and [female] took advantage of the natural beauty and walked around . when we arrived at the hotel [male] was conked out . [female] spent time reflecting on the day 's happenings .
there were so many people out that night . we finally found our table where our friends were sitting . the excitement really started after midnight . there were even people who performed . everyone had so much fun .
the band was playing to a jam packed crowd at the event . the stage had great colors around the band . the band member was jamming on his guitar . at times the lights went out which created more mystery to the show . the band member rejoiced to the crowd as they applauded .
the first day of the protest rally was a huge turn out many people gathered together in a peaceful manner despite the heavy security . the crowd chanted loud and proud as they walked the streets together . the unlawful public servants decided to violate the rights of the people . the crowd held up many handmade signs in regards off the protest rally .
there was an event right outside my house . organization organization was installing fios in my area ! i was so excited . i wanted the fastest internet . i signed all the paperwork .
the grassland seen here features a bunch of trees and other plant life . this part of the grassland oversees a large town nearby . in the other direction , a highway is overseen beside a sea of trees . in this direction , you can see the full tree filled landscape of the valley . in a different part of the grassland , you can see the rocky waterfall .
we took an impromptu visit to the zoo with my son . this goat was not in the mood to come out at all . this one was a lot more friendly and posed for a picture ! this monkey was chilling and trying to stay away from the heat . the day was perfect and my little man was very pleased with seeing all the animals .
a day ride around the harbor on a ship is always a fun day . of course , flying the american flag is always a must . the ship was a grand vessel which carried a lot of people . the mast always seems bigger when you are under it looking up . everyone enjoyed the ride on this great little ship .
the miller family decided to renovate their little 100 year old house . they started with the walls in the living room . all of them were painted a brick red color . the bathroom in contrast was painted a powder blue . the daughter 's upstairs bedroom was painted purple with stenciled in flowers .
the pond was frozen and covered with snow some of it was not covered in ice but it still was n't inviting . so , we all went inside to warm up and light up some candles . we made organization organization faces after that , we chatted until the sunset .
my hike through the woods to the beach was exciting there was one big tree that really caught my eye . looking up , i saw the branches spread so i could hardly see the sky . at first when i got to the beach the sky was gray and cloudy . later the sun came out and the colors of the sky , land , and sea were beautiful !
the camp site was up on a hill . they had a lot of tents . flowers were nearby the campsite . in the distance a lake could be seen . the camper took a rest to enjoy the scenery .
after the fair we went to the museum . there were a ton of skeletons there . i had a great time there . there were some polar bears too . there was also a nature exhibit .
a conference was held for businesses to introduce products and share achievements . all the biggest names were lining up . the theme this year was `` your market for mobility '' . the award ceremony was first on the list . everyone was eager to see who won such prestigious awards this year .
there is a castle . and there are rocks by the castle . beware the floating head ! and beware the sheep . for they will drown you !
the ceremony was a success . everyone wore their coolest costumes . people were happy to be celebrating . everyone looked forward to this ceremony all year . they hoped next year would be as fun .
i had a great time at the beach . there were a ton of people out on the beach walking around . i went to a restaurant at night . then i did a little shopping . i bought some sweets as well .
she is shopping with a smile . now time for cuddles . and showing some love posing for a picture . some more love and cuddles . and here is a stuffed bunny .
we marched in this years scottish-american pride parade . one of us played the bagpipes . another friend carried the american flag . once night fell , we had a party . somebody brought sparklers .
it was a very special birthday for tavi this year . he and his friends had some snacks while waiting for everyone to arrive . then came the gifts , each exiting him more . and what birthday would be complete without a cake ! at the end of the party he reminds us he is now 4 .
this was my first new year 's eve with organization . it was amazing , and we saw so many red and white fireworks . this year , they decided to have bigger ones than several . this one reminded me of a spider . this was the finale , unfortunately rain was on the way .
we were so happy that we finally made it to the beach after a long drive . the view was great and there were hardly any other people there . the was a long wooden pier . we took a lot of pictures . i also spent some time exploring the tide pools .
we waited for the sun to go down to see the fireworks . first , we lit some sparklers and waved them around . then we got to see the fireworks going off over the city . we saw different shapes and colors in the sky . after that we mixed soda and mentos to watch it shoot into the air .
everyone was meeting up on the trails for a day of riding . the trail was rough at certain points but it was exciting to hit the jumps . we all had to tread carefully as we rode down a muddy hill . everyone had to watch their balance as we crossed a log suspended over a creek . it was a tough and muddy ride but we all had a great time .
my stamp collection is one of the best . the asian pictures are some of the most beautiful ones . you ca n't find a lot of these anymore . there are a lot of amazing outfits worn on them as well . people often compliment my stamps .
i was following a street while on vacation . i was amazed when the street ended here . the entire city was beautiful . there was lots of waterfront property . this was the most amazing building i saw on the water .
we started the day with my favorite ride . i love roller coasters too . sometimes we had to sit down & rest . we were not happy to see this sign . so it was off to the beach where we did n't need a bathroom & no one noticed .
all dressed up for our little girls first birthday . grandma was not pleased at all the excitement and noise . one year old and supper chill about the whole thing . big sister was very happy about this 1st birthday . the cake was good , but the icing on the candle was even better !
the candies were many colors and had ducks on them . the green one looked the best but the brown ones tasted good and could be stacked .
the man relaxes sitting with his feet up on the deck railing . woman talk while fixing the food to be taken outside . the dog smells the food and waits for some to be thrown to him . the couples sit and talk by the fireplace after the great meal . finally the couple makes its way to the scenic waterfall , which ushers in the end of the day .
my friend and i went to the family restaurant today . we showed her how we made chinese noodles . then we got to sit down and see how they tasted . the dessert was even more heavenly . we had a great day and i think she wants to come back .
the name of this restaurant let me know that i had to eat there . the floor detail in the front of this building had me very enticed . the design of this building was simply amazing . the streets looked like they were driving on water . it amazes me how the multiple windows are so symmetrical .
in the middle of winter , the organization organization organization takes a swim in the ocean . [male] and [female] took the plunge this year . it was freezing . [male] wrapped a towel around himself immediately . [male] and [female] got awards for being so brave . they went and celebrated in a warm restaurant for lunch .
before the cake makes and apperance and there 's the cake ! just sisters smiling ! bbf ! smile ! cake time !
it was a beautiful day outside and the man decided to take his classic car out for a spin . he drove to location location across the iconic location location bridge . he then headed onto the scenic location 101 where he drove along the coast . the drive was beautiful and full of awe picturesque views . the man loved his car very much and all the memories it provided .
the couple went for a hike on a well known trail . they passed by a lake . there was an opportunity to read informational signs about the local area . they crossed an old stone bridge . she decided they should stop to rest and eat lunch .
the people held a flag with flags of different countries on it . the black and white picture shows a person with their arms up . the people in the parade are drumming on their drums . a woman in a red bikini is posing . the people in the parade are wearing karate outfits and making karate moves .
the gathering was a very comfortable time . we all ate a lot of food , and cake got eaten real fast . the weather was beautiful and the water seemed inviting , but no one went swimming . after enjoying everyone 's company for so long we all bonded . if only we had a boat , we would have loved to take one of these out !
the family was taking a tour of the city starting with the beach . next they went to the community garden . there was some little critters in it . next they went to the giant climbing rock . they found a great view of the water .
last week , i went down to the harbor . in the beginning of the day , not a soul was out . then , slowly , the small boats came in to sell their fish . just as fast as they came , they started to leave . as the tide went out , so did the boats .
went out for the night with my friends for fireworks ! we had a great time waiting for the fireworks itself . the fireworks from our view were fantastic and really cool . we were far away , but the city in the background with the fireworks made it look even better . we had a really great time together .
there was a new candy at the store today . he carefully unboxed his acquisition . the weight of the peep in his hand was extremely satisfying . the first bite surprised him with its intensity . he knew he would soon devour the entire package .
the deer head dcor was fitting for the setting . we had to get a shot in our awesome dresses . this group photo of our dates is beautiful . we had such an amazing time talking about life . we were relaxing as we waited for drink refills .
an evening dinner with family and friends . looks like there is a toast being given . i think someone has had a bit to much to drink . two friends laugh a funny story someone is telling . look at the empty glasses and food , that was some get together .
here we are at the location location and waiting to start our tour . people are just getting here to start our walk through the canyon . not sure why a guard rail needs to be put up i just hope nobody went over . here is a picture of our happy guides that were full of information about the location location . here was are at the end of the trail and it was the best site seeing day ever .
the church was in the middle of town . the townspeople liked the old church . the church had a lot of history . you could see it from the ferris wheel . everyone in the town appreciated the history of the old church .
every year another birthday comes . you add the numbers and ca n't believe how old you are . but you see things that put those numbers into perspective . you have to let a little light into your life . the probability that you have so much still ahead of you , will comfort you and make you thankful .
luckily my car was in the local auto show this year . i made sure to give it a good wash and polish . the car looked really good underneath the bright lights . there were a lot of cars at the show but this was the best spot . everyone wanted to sit in the car and all said it felt really comfortable .
smoke billowed in the distance . an outrageous fire was sweeping the hillside . it turned the sky completely gray . the fire lasted for many hours . i went to sleep when the fire was still burning my town .
the party was set to begin as the glasses sat on the table all the people gathered around the party they gave speeches about there golden days they even got interviewed about the party by the local media and showed off all of there life 's work
i had a great time at the banquet dinner tonight . all of my friends were there . we spent a lot of time dancing . it was very romantic . i hope i can go to another party there .
my girlfriend and i always enjoy when the tall ships sail into the bay . you are able to board them and they take you on a little booze cruise through the harbour . the alcohol looks very authentic , as if everyone aboard were pirates . cheers ! here 's to the start of a wonderful voyage . here were are enjoying our drinks and taking in the fresh air and atmosphere . as you can tell by our smiles , we are having an amazing day ! you always forget how beautiful the harbor view can be when your deluged by the hustle and bustle of the city . this is an awesome view of the landscape . it was a great trip and we had a fun day on the water ! who wants to join us next time ?
this man was talking about something but we paid no attention . what a waste of post its . we got diarrhea after eating here . my number was 27 which is not my lucky number . orientation of this photo was wrong , blame alcohol .
we walked down to the beach one day . we walked around old branches on the way down . we walked along and came to a hole in the rock . we passed underneath it and through to the other side . shape where carved into the beach and full of water .
we arrived at the village for our family outing . we rented this room at the top of the stairs for the night . one of the highlights of the trip was playing along the ocean shore . we also had the opportunity to take a ferry ride across the water . the setting sun serves as a perfect backdrop to the placid waters .
this year , on our vacation , we took a helicopter ride . we saw the beautiful sites of the city from up above . we got to see a bit of nature too . the sun cast beautiful colors . as it set , we decided this was our best vacation yet .
the preparations for the event were just about complete . everyone was anxiously waiting for it to start . finally it opened and everybody could eat . there were some speakers during concession . everybody continued to mingle throughout the event .
a group of college students decided to cook their first meal in their new apartment . they were n't really sure what they were doing . they just winged the entire meal . it turned out good though and they were so proud . they even documented the results !
the singer of the band sits and reviews his lyrics the guitarist practices his solo . the singer sings the song he just wrote for the first time . the other guitarist takes a break while the others practice the new song . the singer is frustrated because something is missing from the song .
i took my son to the fair today . he put on his favorite jacket . all of the other people thought he was adorable . we rode on the bumper cars . we had a lot of fun .
winter time in location means trail riding . sometimes i like to show boat a bit . but it 's also fun to get a little bit of speed going now and again . i went for the jump . it seemed like i was in the air for ever . do n't worry i stuck the landing like a boss .
we went on a great adventure we found ourselves above the city the woods we walked though were thick we used a machete to cut through the thick forest we found a waterfall
i 've been taking a photography class that gives me the opportunity to see some amazing things . this skyline is one of my favorite . sky shots tend to make very nice photos also . i took this at location location . but this sunset is what i got an a for on my final exam .
the museum had a lot of interesting artifacts . we even made our own stone tools and arrow heads . here is one made by a master ! there was also some old boats there . there where plenty being worked on on display .
the news reporters have all come out to get the lead story on the new mayor . all of the cities orginations come together to shake the mayor 's hand . the mayor has many conversations with the people who voted for him . he even takes time to thank all the hard work done on his campaign . at the end of the day he takes a last photo with his wife who has worked the hardest with her husband to become mayor .
my friend and i rented a boat for the weekend . we looked out on the lake and saw how beautiful and calm it was as we went out . my friend wanted to get a good photo of himself on the dock before it got dark . the sunset made for beautiful oranges and it was a lovely day . as the sun sunk lower in the sky , i reflected on how much fun it was being with my friend that day .
we set up the place for the party the tables came together very nicely and so did the food everyone showed up and had fun and acted silly
i had a great time walking yesterday . i saw a lot of old run down buildings . the artwork was very beautiful . there was a lot of creative projects . afterward i went to grab something to eat at a restaurant .
the canals near my college campus welcomed me to my freshman dorm . the shops nearby were inviting . but i could n't get enough of the water . the old world architecture was there for me to stare at for hours . every morning , i brought the ducks some popcorn .
tryouts were today for the church band . lots of people came to show their talents . both singers and musicians showed up they sang several songs for the judges . the judges had a touch time selecting the final band members .
the lounge hosted there local party that they have everyone came out even joe from across town i worn my red boots and my pretty crown .
it was a very dreary day that the race rook place . eve little kids were allowed to participate in the challenge . it started to rain but luckily some people brought their umbrellas . 1st , 2nd and 3rd place for one of the events held earlier . this guy one first place in the final .
i was sitting around with nothing to do . i thought everyone had forgotten my birthday . suddenly i looked up and realized that there was a bunch of balloons overhead . when i turned to the table i saw a stack of pizzas with my mom 's name on them . right behind the pizzas was a cake with my name on it . it said happy birthday ! after i opened my presents i realized this was the best birthday party ever . a real surprise !
all my bags are pack and ready to go for hiking . my honey is taking a selfie on our way to the site . me in the background what a nice and beautiful place to go . i want to go swimming . nice job hon , we have plenty for our dinner . wait are we saving something for tomorrow , we 're here for 3 more days right ? oh snap , i am tired . need to take a nap for a long hike tomorrow .
starting a project on the wall of a building . step one laying down the stones . step two choosing a pattern . final step of the project , letting it dry . the facade is all done .
this is a picture of my boyfriend blowing out his candles before his big performance . he is warming up with a friendly round of karoke . we decided to join in on the act , and sing along with him on the stage . he finally comes to his senses , and decides that he is the professional singer . he is doing a great [male] [male] impression .
it was a wonderful day for a winter hike in the woods with the kids . as beginning hikers , the kids are making use of their walking sticks . the little boy was having fun climbing around the birch trees . at one point , the mother held out her hand with some seeds and caught a sparrow . as the day got longer , the children grew tired and dad carried one of them on his back .
there was a marathon going on around the city today . these were the fliers that explained the marathon . this building was where the marathon was going to run past . you would also be able to see this lake on your marathon track . at the end of the race , you will be presented with an award .
the couple was happy to host the organization organization organization at their house . there was always a good turnout . many of the men had been coming since the beginning . older members went out of the way to make newcomers feel welcome . the men knew they were going to have a good night with like minded people .
finally got to go on the seaside vacation i 've always wanted . a hike along the shore all day my first day there . the beauty of nature around me rejuvenated my soul . i could not believe everything that this place had to see . it 's the end of the hi i stopped at a local cafe that get a drink and eat some food .
[female] was excited to finally graduate ! she and her friend were ecstatic to start college . [female] decided to take a vacation after school , so she could relax a bit . her friends came along too ! they all had a lot of fun . after the vacation it was off to college !
last week i visited location beach . there were people on the beach selling medical marijuana . and places to get tattoos ! my favorite store sold funny tshirts . the sunset on the beach was breathtaking , i had to take a photo .
i took this as we were driving by these sad apartments . this place looks so dirty and scary . we were afraid to approach the people we saw on the dock . another old and sad building in the small town . i felt that these were the gates of hell as we drove away .
we went camping in the mountains . everyone had to hike to the campsite . we found a spot next to the lake with an awesome view ! it got pretty cold while my dad and sister prepared supper . i , on the other hand , tried to get a nap while we waited .
these are some of the guests arriving at the wedding . this is the dance between the newlyweds . the best man is giving a toast . now the guests are mingling and having a great time at the reception . the lights and decorations were beautiful at the event .
the carnival in town has a lot of wonderful rides , some with neat faces created on them . an awesome part of the show is the mirror maze . a very popular ride is called the zipper , it flips you upside down . a lot of people like to ride it at night as it is much more thrilling . but ending the night on the organization wheel makes for a fun day at the carnival .
[male] bought the perfect ring to propose to his girlfriend , and she accepted it ! they got engaged in the beautiful trees located on the beach . and celebrated their new engagement by watching the sunset , but of course only after they got some pictures of their engagement location .
we got into location on july 4th . we had to ride these long escalators to get to the exit . some of the advertisements in the terminal caught our eye , in particular this one for the tourism board ... and this one advertising the beauty of location location . as we left , these friendly police officers wished us a good vacation !
the fair is a fun place for everyone . you can meet strong men , you can meet new people , you can see the amazing carnival people performing fun acts . overall , the fair is a great place to spend time with others .
our family got together for an amazing vacation to see the ocean . the closer we got to the beach , i could smell the salt water on my taste buds . i could see the beach getting closer and i became very anxious . the beach extended as far as the eye could see . when we got closer to our beach spot , i could see surfers out in the water looking for the best wave .
we did something different for halloween this year . we went as zombies for the first time ! we really got into our costumes . a whole group of zombies joined us we had a lot of fun as the walking dead , and want to do it again next year .
everyone waiting for the racers to pass by . here they come ! one racer has to make a pit stop . final lap ! everyone left at the end .
things were a little strange at the family holiday party this year . we went with a disco theme . the colorful lights and disco balls added added an other-worldy feel to the festivities . cousin [male] got a little dizzy when he walked to close to the whirling lights . and [male] confused [female] for an elf and tried to pick her up . but the group caroling was a hit , leaving everyone wondering how to top it next year .
2 friends gathering to make food and then start making the mix and they start to get real sticky and now its time to make it and they made it and put it on top of they food
we went to a festival in location we stayed in a beautiful hotel . they light everything up in neon in location . it was quite the ever-changing display . the crowd was huge and the lights lit up the night so it seemed to be day .
they took the trip of a lifetime to visit family in location . they toured the continent for two weeks . here is my nephew in front of the location airport . it was a very long trip . the beaches here are very beautiful . it was their summer so we enjoyed the surf . the city of location is so modern . lots of glass buildings . here they are with the whole family at a local restaurant .
for spring break , we went to a tropical beach . we frolicked in the white sand . we swam in the clear blue water , and we watched the birds . after a long day of playing around , we built a small bonfire and sat around it , getting drunk .
the union organizer arrived in town the day of the meeting . the mill 's parking lot was packed . there was no room for anyone to sit inside . the meeting was taken outside and the crowd was still standing room only . workers , families , everyone listened as the union rep listed all the benefits of unionizing .
this is a truck filled with goodies . grand mere seems to have quite the following . people are walking away with cups , what will they put in them ? this yweelow car has a big man attatched to it . the green car is clearly advertising pretzels .
we took a group picture at the beach . my wife and i took some lovely photos . she posed in the natural realm . i had to get more pictures with her before we left . i ended up doing most of the driving home .
the church service was about to begin in 15 minutes . as time went on , the seats became more and more full . two minutes before the service started , the hall was almost full . reverend [male] and his wife [female] came on the stage and started the sermon . then they introduced the visiting minister for his service .
me and some friends decided to check out our local parade today . some of the floats were pretty impressive . i can tell they must have spent a lot of time on this one . these dancers were awesome in this attire . she was my favorite of the day , i love her costume .
they enjoyed the sites along the train ride . just as they were getting comfortable the train arrived at the station they were to exit . they got off the train in the busy station and navigated through the crowd of passengers . the walked down to the beach and set up an area to hang out . they played a few games of volleyball together .
this is a picture of the guiness storehouse . this is a picture of beer . a man is drinking beer . this is a picture of the sky . this is a picture of the building .
an artist bought a building to turn into his gallery . he first made a design on the wall , resembling a firework at first . each day he added more and more pieces filling out the wall . finally one day the while wall was full of the design . when it was finished , he showed off his artwork to the public .
we parked our car in the parking lot , there were many security guards present for the event . the hotel where the event is taking place is a very tall building with many floors . on top of the building there is a big circle display of lights . the display changes patterns of the light constantly . from the roof of the building , we can see a very nice view of the city all lighted up .
before our family dinner we had to set the table for everybody . the charcoal for the grill was then lit in a chimney . the dinner roast was nearly cooking on the grill . while waiting for the food to finish we took family pictures . we then blessed the food before eating everything .
location at night is a beautiful sight . really , it 's just a beautiful country . you can see koala bears , and rushing waterfalls , and even birds eating plants . the country is known for having the prettiest of beaches , so if you get the chance , check it out .
stained glass was a love , a passion even . known for being an excellent stained glass artist she was often called upon for restoration work . she did it all from her small cottage . churches , homes , businesses , she even did a dog house window once . her husband did iron work .
a family gathers together for their annual christmas tree picking . the young boy rides a pony for the first time . he plays around in the net for the tree . a dog eats out of the woman 's hand gently . finally the family finds the perfect tree .
today was a field tripl everyone in the class was excited . all the students engaged in the field trip . we got to talk to each other . it was a fun day and we all took pictures .
the peaked building was seen overlooking the ocean . the beautiful building had amazing architecture . the statue stood in front of the yellow historic building . the two man pose for a picture on that beautiful day . the lights lit up a night showing the location is the place to be .
a nice long stroll into the city . the city looks to be fun filled and very lively . the small river with the old bridge is looking good . as we get closer to it , we still off by one of the buildings that is near and get closer to the water . a few ducks are on the water cap off the day .
this was the beach by the college we were looking at . a lifeguard watching the water at the beach by our possibly new school . this cool looking boat was shuttling people across the water to campus . this bus brought the prospective students from the boat to the school . this was one of the hallways in the school .
i decided to get a new kitten . she is playful and curious . her favorite place is to sit behind me . we are already inseparable ! she brings great joy to my life .
before leaving , we mapped out the road trip and all the landmarks . first we stopped at the location location location . next we visited location location location location . the park had some lovely photo opportunities . all the walking in the park got us hungry , so we stopped for dinner .
my sister 's first outfit looked like a marching band uniform as she sang onstage . she quickly changed to a black evening gown that covered her shoulders . she switched it up halfway through with a red dress that showed off her tattoos . she ended the night with a green dress that covered everything . but she got hot and decided to roll up her sleeves at the end to show off her tattoos .
we took a trip to check out some awesome sites . we went over these beautiful bad boys . my lame girlfriend wanted to see the location custom house . so i made her go here out of spite . everyone agreed that mr. t. graffiti was the coolest of the trip though .
saw this cute live action puppet show called location . i swear the skeletons from the show were from r.l stine . even the ferris wheel resembled something out of frankenstein . they even had a show based off the popular orange juice brand . but by far the most harrowing ride was the ferris wheel of death . it looked like something that could kill you !
the shops are opening . these people are looking to buy some clothes . this store owner hopes people come to his shop . this booth gives information . the shops are very busy .
the people waited expectantly for the parade to begin . finally the first group was seen down the street . there was a stagecoach with yellow wheels and pulled by 4 horses the high school marching band came next playing [male] [male] . next was a huge black truck . last was a student steel drum band .
we were so excited to be on holiday that we started it off by dancing on the balcony of our hotel . we rented a van so we could explore the streets of the town we were staying in . the castle that we passed was gorgeous and majestic . the buildings where the commoners live are also very nice . we are so enamored with this town that we are thinking of getting an apartment in this building !
the little house on the corner was recently remodeled by the couple . they added a row of wooden fence along one side of the house . on the other side of the house , there is a row of metal fence . the window was freshly painted in a shade of blue . the couple lives in a historic town , outside town , there is a sign explaining the significance .
we visited a parade downtown today . there were police officers leading the parade . behind them there were people dressed like soldiers from the 1700s . after that there were people dressed like soldiers from the civil war . the parade ended with flag carriers waving flags .
it was time for our family reunion at mom and dad 's . the girl 's arrived first and were ready to tan . then the boys showed up with the beer . we swam most of the afternoon . then we played poker into the wee hours of the morning .
my friends and i had decided to take part in an annual race that was in my town . there were lots of bikers in attendance . everyone was ready to have a good time . [male] was falling a little bit behind , but kept pushing through , as the race was for charity . [male] ended up wiping out towards the end . he does n't look too sad about it though . after being covered in mud from a couple of falls , we decided to hang up our gear for another day .
the crowd gathers for the rally race as number 51 gets into position . number 46 catches the crowds attention with its bright orange paint job . the next set of racers get ready while observing the current race . age is no obstacle for number 83 as the race gets under way . number 51 blasts off as the race starts .
the festival was just starting up and people were coming in . there was even a fortune tellers booth there . the kids even had something to keep them busy too . a native american dances to the music . some fans rock out during the sound check .
we visited the old school house . it was still in use . the building had been refinished . it was a great historical sight . it was also near a lake .
the seals were laying around on the beach . they looked at each other and did not know what to think . then a bird came .
there were a lot of unique shops when i was on vacation . they sold so many hand made things . i bought a lot of them . the buildings were all very nice . i hope i can go back soon .
a couple spent a day and night in a snowy cabin getaway . they rose early in the morning to watch the sun come up . as it did , they found a nearby bench that demonstrated the sterile , quite calm of the morning . they noticed that frost had accumulated from the moisture on the woman 's hair and eyelashes . as they watched the sun set again , they marveled at how wonderful their day had been .
when we got to the party they were still setting up . the food was almost done . they bought a lot of chocolate . they had put up picture frames everywhere . it looked great .
after the big snow storm , many trees were uprooted . the town was badly damaged from the storm , people are trying to fix everything , including painting the benches . there are big cracks in the neighborhood streets . there are also cracks on the highway . many roads are split open .
[female] and clark are sitting together . [male] is checking out some live music . [male] meets up with his friend [female] . then they see [male] their other friend checking out some live music too . they ask their friend toby to pose for a picture .
the kids were playing with fireworks . the boy put a bottle rocket in the bottle . the other boy was playing with a different kind of firework . it was cone shaped . it let off a large jet of colorful flames .
there was a st. [male] 's parade in location location . there was a float with a leprechaun and his lucky horseshoe . there were some people in costumes . a cavalry with flags rode in the parade as well . we also saw some bagpipes being played !
friends can be friends no matter where you go . these men are showing their respect . plans are being made for the day . men respectfully listening to the man speaking to them . a very important message is being delivered .
for me st. [male] 's day is for partying and having a good time . green beer seems to always show up on this day . that girl needed some help on the steps . i think some of the guests was having a better time than they should . seeing this girl shows me what they mean by being a party animal .
last summer we went on vacation . we spent a lot of time hiking through the countryside of location . when we were in the city we made sure to see all the historical sites . there were plenty of things to keep us busy . we were only in our hotel room to sleep !
that 's me on the left . my great day started with a visit to the beach with my parents . that evening i attended an awards ceremony . those are my dear friends . my parents came from location . they look nervous in this photo but they were very excited . that 's me , just before i received my award . smiles all around . now the hard part : that 's the master of ceremonies introducing me . i have to make a speech . i 'm ready !
my husband and i attended a family barbecue . i brought the plates and plastic ware . my niece helped make the tater tots . i was happy to see my husband 's side of the family . our nieces and nephews were swimming all day .
i had a great time on vacation last year . there was a canal that went through the entire city . it was great . i had a wonderful time . we took plenty of pictures while we were there .
early this morning we left our loft apartment in the city . we saw some strange art of a man grasping on to a window sill . shortly after , something even stranger : a car covered with post-it notes . with that excitement out of the way , we stopped by a super fancy ice cream place . we finished off the day with a breathtaking view of the cityscape at night .
we anxiously awaited the passing of our favorite drivers while at the indy 300 . at last , the two lead cars came screaming around the corner . right before the final turn , the silver car picked up speed and secured his spot in first . we were celebrating loudly as each car passed the finish line . at the end of the race , everyone quickly scattered so as to avoid the rush of traffic leaving the facility .
last weekend i went on a bike ride with my friends . we started at a parking lot in town . from there , we zoomed around the country side . some roads were very twisty . my friends and i had lots of fun .
a road trip to the coast . what would we see ? we saw emus near the road . when we saw the light house we knew we were there . the cliffs had eroded over time into wonderful arches . you could walk right under them . there was a cliff that had broken in half and now the water was between them . it was an amazing journey .
a trip to the ocean offers many interesting things to look at , both on shore and underwater . you can find fish feeding on coral . it 's fun to see whole schools of beautiful fish . if you 're lucky , you might see a manta ray . you might even get to see some marine life in bloom .
hi , this is me and my dad [male] . this is my mom [female] . my family loves the organization . my parents actually met at a game . my mom sold my dad a beer . it was love at first sight . now we live here on this street . happily ever after . go orioles !
we went for a hike on a nature trail . it was a cloudy , grey day . there were many interesting rock formations along the coast . we made sure to dispose of our trash properly . the sun came out just as we finished our walk .
the family started their weekend get away at the beach where they played in the water . even the baby had fun in the cool morning air . after lunch they all went to the amusement park where dad took pictures of mom and the girls they found someone to take a family picture while enjoy the merry-go-round . the best part of the day was getting back into the water on their own boat .
tonight was a practice jam session with my band . our bassist always has something funny to say . while the drummer thinks he 's cool and smooth . sometimes we run into each other . in the end the boys and i always have a great time .
they were building a small house out in the country it took big trucks to get the job down and lots of long hours of work they played around a little and took pictures together
the entrance way to the building on the hill with many rocks . here i am in front of the city skylines on a cold day . the building reflected magically off the sky . the casino location lit up at night was beautiful . the lit up building is a beautiful piece of architecture .
this was my first time riding public transportation . the line to get on the bus was extremely long , and seemed neverending . we had to wait for a train to pass at the railroad crossing . the bus was not full currently , but with that line outside , i am sure that will change . my son was literally falling asleep on the bus ride .
[male] and barbra had gone to take some couples photos in a historic park . once they saw the results they decided this is where they would wed . after clearing the covered entrance way with the bridesmaids barbra crossed the stone bridge . organization fish swim in the water below . this was the view for the guests as they got married .
my relatives decided to visit from out of state . our first stop was the local pond . we enjoyed a few drinks by the lake and so did some of the critters ! after , we walked around downtown . we enjoyed a lunch at the local cafe .
the new puppy just arrived home ! he was playing fetch with big sticks and running around . he enjoyed sniffing his new yard and going for a walk . he had no fear when they got to the bridge and decided to look out over the water . this little guy is going to enjoy his new home .
the family celebrated in comfort , some opting to wear casual clothing . the speeches had taken a while , and everyone 's stomachs were grumbling as they waited for them to be finished . everyone was amazed at how many people showed up . finally they could eat the delicious food that had been set in front of them . the teens felt very special dressed in their best satin outfits .
we went to see that washing monument . we read the paragraph written onto it . we took some pictures in front of it . it looks very tall , even form a distance . we may go back one day .
the museum was in an old cathedral . but it had a very modern interior . the group walked through the multi layered museum . the museum even had some old hieroglyphics . as well as some ancient art .
we went for a nice walk through the park . i wanted to get a photo of this beautiful cherry tree . this dog looks lost . i hope he finds his way back home . time for a few rides before the fireworks . ah , time for the fireworks display . it looks awesome .
we visited location in our travels . the streets were covered with nice buildings . this tower was big and firm . the waterway was a sight to see . lastly , we enjoyed our vacation in location .
there was a lot of snow . it took hours and lots of hot chocolate breaks to clear the cars . the icicles between the apartment buildings was frightening . there was even ice and snow in the gutters . with everyone working together , streets and sidewalks were shoveled .
local british personalities were lining up for the brit awards . actors showed up , models showed up , announcers showed up , and even billboard musical artists !
starting the hike . looks like it 'll be a challenge ! making progress . i thought this was a good shot . looking back where we 've been ! almost-to-the-top-selfie ! satisfying day , ending with a beautiful sunset .
everything was cat related at the cat show , even the jackets . the first kitty up was quite beautiful with it 's gray-ish fur . there was an albino up next . i walked around and saw a siamese with an interesting spot pattern on it 's face . there was a calico that won best in show .
the family went to a baseball game . we had a lot of fun together . it was our first time watching the organization . we kept our souvenir mug . then we went to the bar after .
[male] was a goalie for a hockey team , and was a pretty good one . he had a reputation for not letting any goals this entire season , and he had one more game left . he was determined to keep his legacy going . it being the last game of the season , [male] 's girlfriend , [female] , stopped by to support her boyfriend from the audience . [male] had been doing well the entire game , that is , until [male] , the star of the other team , started getting on the ice . [male] was known to be a power scorer for his team , and [male] was determined to not let [male] score . the game became fierce , with both teams working hard to score on the other while defending goals . [male] 's teammates were cheering him on quite a bit , but unfortunately , [male] 's team lost , leaving [male] 's legacy undefeated .
now we are looking at location home furnishings . this is a nice set of cups from location . this looks like a tea pot from location . the dishes are nice looking . the fabric is so rich in colors .
the sights on our vacation were amazing . the coastline was green and the water was blue . we had a great time swimming and playing in the water . the waves were incredible and i wish we could stay longer . we had an ocean view from our hotel room . here is a picture out of the window .
the party started off with drinks for everyone . they had a pole to dance on at the venue . the crowds began to arrive . there was dancing on the dance floor all night . the party lasted til 2 in the morning .
on graduation night , we all headed down to the red room for some drinks and good times . after imbibing an incredible amount of alcohol , we decided that we would solve all the world 's problems . famine , disease and war were the topics of discussion . the more we drank , the better we became at figuring out the right course of action . by the end of the night , we concluded that we would offer our solutions to the organization organization in the coming days . we drank some more to celebrate our achievements .
on this tour we seen old cemetery 's that had famous people buried there . historic buildings lined the streets , some were older than others . the sunsets in this place are amazing . the ocean view made the water look flat and calm . this picture was taken when we was leaving the town and headed to the airport .
location is such an amazing place to visit . it has wildlife in the ocean like sea lions . it has native deer that frequent the northwest . it has beautiful birds to look at and take photos of . in the end , location is a swell place to visit .
went for a ride with the whole gang . we saw shamu in a lake ! wow , that is one serious field of tulips . so many different colors of beautiful tulips . just enjoying the road , on my steel horse .
it was time for the scout meeting the kids stood in line to show their respect the older kids looked on here they were recruiting new members all the old and new members saluted
the main street had been widened to keep the congestion down during the busy season . this time of year most of the shops and even the museum were empty of tourists for the most part . things were quite at home . the bridge needed some repairs though and they usually took care of maintenance in the off season . he took advantage of the down time to take his family out on a small raft .
josh told me he saw a dead body and wanted to show me . i got cold feet , but josh insisted i follow him . he took me to some strange places . how far away was this body ? he looked through these cracks to see if anyone was looking . but why ? we kept going down this track . he said `` we will see the body soon . '' funny i think i hear the train coming .
it was the anniversary party for pinoymac . employees celebrated the occasion . even those who could n't get away from the computer had fun . family and friends were invited . everyone got a free sweatshirt to commemorate the occasion .
we were excited when we saw our old-fashioned hotel for our weekend at the beach . we were excited to see the outdoor market and shops . there was a shop that sold all kinds of scented soaps . one shop displayed all kinds of brightly colored wraps . when the day was over we were so tired and happy to see our lovely room .
i could handle living here all the time . this house is huge ! we could fit my whole family in there . i would hate to mow the yard though . would take all week . this is an awesome pool . it flows right into the house . the last stop of the day was the ocean . love looking at the water .
the face of the clock was huge ! aw heck : the whole clock tower was huge ! gargoyles ! the ferris wheel ! biggest ferris wheel i have ever seen !
the adventure started with a tour of statues this one in particular startled the attendees then they went to a building with interesting things inside the outside of the building proved equally as interesting the building with the floating heads were the icing on the cake
celebrating any holiday is fun . there 's always delicious food to be had , like chicken . it 's important to remember the pastas and salads though , and try and balance things out a bit . but , balance or not , ham is a lovely addition to any plate of food ! and who can forget dessert ?
i call this picture `` from the outside looking in '' because that is how i feel now after all has happened in my life . this is how things used to be when she was with me and every day was almost like christmas . we posed for many pictures and here is one where i was very happy sporting my used to be favorite hat . still another photo shows maybe what was really going on that i could not see because we are not really touching in this picture . one day all the lights went out in my life and i lost her and she never even say goodbye or why , leaving me to guess in retrospect for the rest of my life while i recover if possible .
firework show is beginning and the boy sits and watches . the different type of fireworks are starting . different type of colors and designs . more and more of the different fireworks . then the final big firework went off .
we started our tour of the city here on the bridge where we had to stop and pose for a picture because the cityscape was so beautiful . there we so many art installations on the boardwalk that everyone loved . the architecture was so different of street to street that it was amazing because you never knew if you were going to see a skyscraper or an ancient cathedral like this one . after an incredible day of sight seeing we were so tuckered out , but we stopped back by the bridge in order to take a picture from the other side of the water . the next day , even though we were exhausted from our trip around town yesterday , we were so excited to start the journey all over again .
the spectacular mountain side village was enourmous ! we enjoyed exploring the town everyday ! the festivities were unlike any others we have experienced . the town as special and we saw it all ! viewing the architecture was an enjoyable way to explore the city during our vacation .
the tourists started there day by taking a walk . then they took the train sight seeing . they saw some incredible old buildings . then they saw a small pier . after that they went downtown to shop .
one of my many favorite vacation spots is an old town in location called location . it has so many interesting and eye pleasing artistic litle touches . my mom used to love the glass-maker on corner 's private collection on display in his windows . they did some crazy folk dances that you wanted to make fun of but you found yourself jumping in to join along . everywhere you look you can see eclectic splashes all over town . one thing is for sure you can never call wizardville boring .
the catering company blew away the bride with their presentation and plating . the wedding cake was all she ever wanted and more . as an appetizer the guests were served fresh fruits , but everyone waited eagerly for food to ruin their perfectly set plates and silverware . the catering company presented an asian themed buffet .
it was my favorite time of year , christmas . the blue tree was very pretty this year , we all enjoyed seeing it . looking down on the tree and all the lights makes one feel the spirit of christmas more . the different color balls were festive . all the shops had decorations on the walls .
the walk in the forest was something i definitely look forward to during this camping trip . despite a beautiful sight , everyone managed to get lost since it was dark outside . thankfully it was turning into day time . we approached the top of the hill to get a better view . and were able to see the area with all of the cabins .
a girl celebrated her college graduation with her parents . she and her friends were so excited ! afterwards she went to relax at the beach . that night she went out to celebrate with her friends . it was time to say goodbye to college !
i played tennis today on wii . nobody else was home , so i decided to play by myself . the system matched me with three other players , so i had a virtual partner . have a team mate made it more enjoyable to play . otherwise i would have been lonely .
planning out the wonderful day ahead . all the friends chilling by the bool being silly with a flower before teh event i lost a bet i have now become a jedi
during our stay we visited a beautiful cannon . the pathways leading to the cannon were edged with rocks hammered from the cannon . the cannon itself was huge and seemed never-ending . we then got to see some men hammering the boulders into usable pieces for , i imagine , the pathways . the workers seemed very happy . on the pathway out we could see their current progress .
we went out with some friends this evening . we played some bowling at the local bowling alley . we bowled well into the night and had a great time . this was a picture of the winning shot . knocking this pin down won him the game . i won a stuffed animal from the gift shop .
i received my award and could n't believe the amount of support surrounding me . we took pictures after the award ceremony with our bestfriends throughout the entire time ! and of course there were the other trio of friends gathered next to us.. the guys and girls at the table were awesome and we loved spending time with them . and finally the final ceremony was wrapped up and he gave his speech so elegantly !
we took the boat out this weekend . the water was so clear , we decided on a swim . we even did a little bit of fishing . we cooked up some dinner for us to eat . and at the end of the night we had a few drink and talked through the night .
the oxford folk festival brought out lots of people to celebrate . amazing and hugely varied costumes were worn by celebrants . some groups had choreographed dances that they performed . and , a parade was joined by hundreds . at the end of the day , everyone agreed that the festival was a success .
today is this little boy 's second birthday . he 's very excited about his birthday cake and ca n't wait to eat some . his mom also made a lot of other delicious snacks . after the party is over , the boy is very happy about how it went . the birthday boy had a long day and decides to take a little nap in his sister 's bed after his party is over .
we left the parking garage and down to the beach . it was hot when we got there so a lot of other people were there too . boats where off in the distance having fun . when we left we saw a museum . we thought the place might be fun and went in .
i love photographing sunrise . waiting for the sun to break is incredible . as light comes across the view sight . i think of how precious life is . it starts to get brighter . the day begins . a new day of hope and happiness .
the crowd is singing . a guy is at a podium talking . a woman starts talking at the podium . the crowd is listening . everyone starts reading .
i have a friend named [male] . [male] has his stepsister that lives in location . [male] 's dad is a cook . he loves to bake cookies . this is his apprentice .
i took a train ride through the city . the scenery was lovely . i took a photo by the river . as i walked around , i saw some nice art for sale . and of course , i window shopped a bit .
this is a very old house that has stood for centuries . the numbering on the door is made very well . this door has a more modern looking frame for the house number . the colors and shape of this building contrast nicely with the sky . when it gets darker , the building looks scary .
bursts of fire reminded the crowd of what the 4th was about . the explosions sounded like cannon explosions . those explosions reminded people that battles has occurred to ensure their freedom . small , quieter explosions seems almost somber given the context . a large final display reminded the crowd of the pride that the citizens of the location had in their history .
the fair was packed with people . at the organic market vendors sold their produce to people who came to see the concert . the sound system at the show was really loud . kids and adults both enjoyed the rides . overall the fair was a huge success and everyone wanted to stay as long as possible .
during the restoration project , the first thing that had to be replaced was the engine . after that , new control panels were added as well as a new dash board . custom racing seats were ordered and when they arrived , the fit nicely . finally , the new tires and rims were put on . after all that hard work , the project was complete and the car was fully restored .
all of the ladies in the family . they are a beautiful group . here is a group photo of the brothers and sisters , with their spouses and children . mother and father are posing with their daughters and grandchildren . the youngest daughter on her wedding day . she is pinning her maid of honor 's corsage on her . husband and wife , with their parents posing for one of the wedding pictures . they are such a happy couple !
our anniversary party was at our favorite restaurant this year . my brother proudly posed with his new girlfriend . i do n't think she realizes what she has gotten herself into . my husband and his youngest sister in a photo i plan to frame . my husband with my pretty coworkers . he did a little flirting so it was time to drag him home .
we went on a cruise for vacation . the boat we were on was huge . when you stand in front of it , it makes you feel very small . we were impressed with how much people it could carry . it took us to the location where we had a good time .
a military parade proceeds through the town today . uniformed members of our armed services march through proudly . some re-enactors also participate such as these revolutionary war soldiers . you will also see civil war re-enactors proudly displaying their uniforms . military parades are always full of pomp and circumstance .
we did n't have the best seats for the concert . but by luck we moved up soon after the show started . the singers were impassioned . some guy came out wearing a wolf mask in between sets . we moved back a ways to get the full picture of the job the light crew was doing .
here we are on the 4th of july . the citizens decided to put on a nice parade for everyone to see . there was a big truck here but i do n't remember what it did . some school kids decided to put a band together and perform during the parade . they were very good .
our dog loves our outings . he loved the walk on the beach . this part was a bit treacherous for him , but he endured . he enjoyed taking a break here . we both enjoyed the view .
today was a great day for a hike . we stumbled by this cave . looks like it 's a door made especially for us ! the area is really beautiful . lots of variation . if i did n't grow up so near nature , i 'd think this tree was alien . glad i did grow up here though . so amazing to just look at .
i traveled to location on the 4th of july . after getting off the plane , i took the escalator to get my luggage . there was a video monitor and i watched some motorbike racing while i waited for my luggage . i looked at advertisements for visiting the location location . i began my tour of location location at a glass and concrete building .
a group of students went to a class to get trained on how to shoot a gun . they were excited to learn how to properly hold a gun . they learned how to fill the gun with bullets as well . they were then able to practice shooting . they were able to keep their bulls-eyes as a keepsake .
batter up . strike one . he hits it hard . the shortstop made a great play . the batter only made it to first base .
i took a trip through an old medieval town , and took pictures of an old castle . there was a bridge running over the small river that ran through the town . nearby was a very old cathedral that i absolutely loved . my friend gave me a guitar , which i brought with me to play at night . in the center of town was an art installation inspired by the decorations on the cathedral .
it was a big event today . there was lots of food . one guy even wore khaki ! they applauded him . because he was so diverse .
there was a massive crowd gathered for the bike event . everyone was getting ready to have a good time riding through the city . there were a couple of riders goofing off on their bikes while we waited . some riders were even pulling wheelies which caused everyone to cheer . everyone had a great time in the city that night hanging out .
we saw the location location sign which meant we reached our halfway point . we still had miles to go . we passed by a lot of abandoned equipment . instead of driving overnight , we decided to set up a campsite . eventually after five days of driving we arrived at our new home in a small part of location .
the front of the car was completely damaged from the accident . the air bag deployed when the car crashed . the car had to be towed away because it was unable to be driven . the car got hit from the right side because that is where the most damage was . under the hood the damage was way more severe .
i was apprehensive about going out this evening . there were so many people at the convention . the dancer was really strong . she climbed a really high pole . there was so much to do and see .
the couple was preparing for their wedding . they were taking pictures for their announcements . they found a few different locations . the woman had to show off her ring . it was a beautiful day outside .
the family takes a vacation to the beach every summer . lots of delicious sea food is on hand . even the dog loves the beach ! there is lots to do for both humans and their animal partners . this man is flying above the beach and enjoying the warm sea breeze .
we all gathered because today was a very special holiday for us . we dressed uniformly in the outfits of our ancestors . even our children got to participate to better understand their family history . [female] , [male] , [male] and mirian all had fun in their cute little outfits . once we got to the church we danced and celebrated like there was no tomorrow .
we decided to go on our boat on this hot summer day . it was a pleasant ride as the weather was perfect . we even saw a seagull . this lighthouse looked lonely in the distance . the sky was beautiful and amazing .
we tried a different restaurant tonight ! we were served a coffee with a foam on top . the decor in the restaurant was a tad odd . afterwards , we had to walk to the train station . we had just missed the train , so we had to wait for the next one to arrive .
so i make easter cards now . this one is of an [male] . is n't she beautiful ? the next one i made was two kids . i did n't like it as much . so i made this one afterwards . this one i liked better so i threw the last one away . then later on i made this one with the easter bunny looking over his eggs . i was n't pleased with that last one so i made this last one . it made me happy and i gave it to my preacher .
this is a bus . it was in an accident . with my car ! i was not happy . it was going to get expensive .
we had our friends over for a little dinner party last weekend . a goofy bunch they are . they really had fun using the slime like stuff we made . they put it on their head , out their nose , and covering their hand . after we got all the silliness out of us , we had dinner and said good bye .
we tailgated with one of our favorite couples . we were in our organization organization gear in full support of our team . organization organization is a great baseball venue . the organization organization players warming up . once the game started , we had a great view .
the girl is happy and surprised to see many familiar faces in her house . grandma surprises grandchild with a brand new book . afterward , they decided to take a group picture before they get to the surprising event . overwhelmed with all these new presents and gifts . she is upset because she was expecting a build-a-bear present .
it looks like many people before us traveled this way . a path was recently cleared of snow after the storm we received . the starkness of the snow and stone is beautiful . even the water of the wharf is frozen after the big snow storm . the winds of the storm flipped this sign up side down .
i went on vacation last weekend . the buildings were all very old and beautiful . i stayed at a great resort . there were very few cars around . i had a great time there .
the cast members prepare for a question and answer session . the line of people waiting to get in is very long . people find their seats and wait for the session to start . the cast has a lively discussion with each other during the session . it was such a hit that people even sat on the staircase to watch when the seats ran out .
i went the cemetery last weekend . there were a lot of statues there . it was a sad place . i paid my respects . i left before it got too late .
the group got to take a trip around the city . they saw a large location location on the shoreline . they even got to take a boat ride . they saw enormous buildings that looked gorgeous . at the end of the day , they saw everything that they wanted to see .
it was finally race day these are the bikes they would use and they were off to the races pushing hard for every inch not giving up these were the top three finishers
after my uncle passed i inherited his restaurant . rather than continue it , i turned it into a bar and a cafe . i did so in the hopes that i would have flexible hours for my wife and daughter . i did n't want to completely destroy everything the place was though , the restaurant was called broder . it 's know known as cafe broder .
i brought my roommate along to hike with us . along the trail , we found this lovely red flower . in the cool water , i told my friend to take a picture of their feet . we used a bridge to get closer to the train that would take us home . when we found the tracks , we waited until the trail came near .
it was fall out and the animals were enjoying the weather . the tree 's leaves indicated the season . it was a weird time of year to build a sandcastle , but the sand was good . it was fun to do something people usually do during the summer in the fall . at the end of the day the sandcastle was pretty magnificent .
this is a picture of a train track . this is a picture of an old track . this is a picture of a park ride . this is a picture of a boardwalk . this is a picture of a flag .
i had a blast with my group at our bla luck off event today [male] and issabbell are most dedicated workes i have on my team here 's our logo basic and right to the point here 's some of our members from our other offices this is our president explaining how our business world to a potential customer
the day begins with old and cracked roads in need of repair . the workers each have a specific job , such as removing the old pavement . the debris must be removed before you start laying down new pavement here the pavement and tar is being flattened and leveled . the traffic directors work as a team to keep cars moving as smoothly as possible during the road work .
the concert was full this evening . afterwards we left before the whole crowd started to come out . the next day we took the boat to town . there we saw the famous structure . we also saw a sign that showed how strict the town was on public behavior .
spending time with family is what this kid likes best . there were so many presents to open . there are too many things to open and people to greet . the new book was read as soon as possible as it was a favorite . the stuffed animal was also on the top list of presents .
everything is painted in this town . would you know this town was covered in graffiti ? cute graffiti ? look at these little shoe prints . intense graffiti ? realistic and impressive . so much art . so much talent . i loved walking through the streets , admiring the decor by taggers .
we arrived just in time to see all of our old friends . the food all looked amazing . the desserts were just as good . we talked all night long . some of us even got tattooed to celebrate .
we decided to visit the vienna during the fall . there was a castle nearby , we decided to take a look at it . the path that we went to , was somewhat barren , but we managed . this tree was particularly beautiful . we took many pictures around it . this was the tallest mountain in the day , and i 'm glad to have visited it towards the end .
we took so many pictures of our newborn baby . she is very adorable . we are so happy to have a child . we love her very much . we want to have another one soon .
[female] loves hockey and came to see her favorite team . this is her boyfriend who she met while he was playing on the hockey team . it was an intense game for both sides . nearing the end the score was tied . this was the last play of the game and [female] 's boyfriend scored a goal for the win .
the ribbon cutting ceremony officially kicked off the opening of the newest facility . they honored the owner with a plaque to be displayed . announcements were made as to the company 's future plans . there was a question and answer time . after the event there was a sign up for volunteers .
this is a picture of an ocean . this is a picture of a cloudy day . this is a picture of a sunny day . this is a picture of a guitar . the man is wearing a jacket .
i had such a good time at the lake last summer . the lodge nearby was very warm and cozy . there were hardly any other people staying there which was nice . the place was old , it has been up and running for almost 100 years . i hope i get to go back there soon .
architecture from a time gone by is quite beautiful . places of worship can be especially beautiful . visiting places like this takes you back to a simpler time . this church is lovely even though it is in disrepair . the only think that brings you back in time is the image of modern conveniences interrupting the view of these lovely building .
today i am going to have a bonfire and i am excited . we set up the are for those who might not want to be near the fires . time to get the fire going . i hope this is enough wood . yes ! the fire is up and now its time to party .
we have a very old church near us that has beautiful stained glass windows . these windows are so intricate , that they really are works of art . and the sun coming in through them on sunday morning is beautiful . the church has been here for decades and it is a part of the town 's history . i hope it stays like this for future generations to see .
the skyline reflected in the water was pretty , but i 'm not great at nighttime photos . here is the gang of us all together at the water 's edge . too dark to see us clearly . this is a closer shot of the guests of honor for our reunion . the skyline in the early evening is the best shot i took all weekend . this is one of the few daytime pictures i have of the city where our reunion was held . i called the clock `` little [male] . ''
along our route was a lot of beautiful country scenery . rock faces covered a lot of the open land . we saw so many windmills , such as this one . the scenery with the rocks was something we enjoyed . we found this carved into one of the rocks .
i like the cake -- is this a football game celebration ? hmmm ... looks like it 's a birthday . i wonder whose birthday ? happy birthday ! who sent this present ? favorite aunt sent it . she always sends nice presents . this was the best birthday ever !
my trip to cheddar bay ! the weather was cloudy and miserable yesterday . walking around the large streets i came across this cool clock . it was so big . i wandered into the town square . this is where i tried to take a selfie and slipped and fell on my butt . that woman with the umbrella laughed at me and farted . i found a melon stand and bought 5 cantaloupes ! i did n't know where to put them ! after walking for 3 hours holding 5 cantaloupes i saw this really cool ferris wheel . i wanted to ride it but due to the weather it was shut down . i took my cantaloupes and went home .
my friends are very talented on their dirt bikes . they can jump really high . they can even ride prolonged wheelies ... and , lean the bike sideways ! they always provide me with the perfect opportunities ... like this to snap the perfect picture for my albums . they are great friends .
after getting a new puppy we planned on going to a hockey game . the puppy was so cute and cuddly . the hockey game was fun to watch , but pretty cold in there . we bundled up and snuggled close . some of us decided a nap would be in order .
today is [female] 's birthday ! her family came over to celebrate with her . everyone had some delicious and colorful cake . [female] opened some presents and enjoyed her new toys . she played outside with her family .
the family got together for the celebration they had fun gathering all the fireworks . they had sparklers for those who were less inclined to blow their fingers off . they set off the first one on the ground . they ended the show with the ones high up in the air .
we went to church on sunday . the director of the ministry was up on the altar talking abotu the new statue that was purchased for the church . he answered some questions from the community . the statue was unveiled and everyone marveled at it . the director than thanked everyone for their generous donations .
i went hiking by myself the other day . the first thing i did was step in mud and dirty my shoes . there were even rotting plants in the bushes . i finally found the cabin on the road . there was even a tower nearby .
the deer head stared at us from the wall of the bar . after a few beers the girls got a little silly just a bunch of friends out for a good time . the all enjoyed the drinks and the company . this man was planning for after he and his buxom lady got home .
i went to the church to deliver a speech yesterday . i was very happy . they had decorated the entire place . it looked very beauituful . i had a great time .
once upon a time , [male] went to a rally . he was surprised at how many people were there ! but he was also excited when he saw famous buildings and even famous monuments ! the rally was great , but at the end of the day , [male] had to get back on the bus and go home .
many parents and their children gathered for a field day for the kids . one boy named [male] had a really fun time , people gave him balloons . [male] rode around on his bike carrying the balloons that people gave him . [male] also received a stuffed puppy from a parent . [male] had a very enjoyable experience .
everyone was heading down to the bar for karaoke night . we met some new friends who bought us some drinks . my friend [male] was pushing us to go up and sing . all of us decided we would head up and sing a song together . we had a great night singing and dancing the night away .
we went on a cruise ! we had so much fun canoing we even got to walk on the beach . it was so gorgeous on the beach . the palm trees were so nice as well .
i am the guard for the queen do not mess with me . i am the queens husband i will mess with anyone i want . i am the queens lady , she would not like this bickering . i am the queens mistress , stay away from m'lady . i am the queen all off with all of their heads !
it 's hard to imagine the storm 's fury , unless you see it yourself . this is the church we attend . high winds caused the roof to collapse . a very tall oak tree toppled - it just missed my house . my neighbor 's car was not so lucky . this scene was repeated all over the city . it was a terribly destructive storm .
sometimes i just wan na chill outside and enjoy nature ... until my dorky dog shows up ! awww , ca n't help but love this guy ! so we go on a walk to the waterfall ! after swimming in the river , it 's time for a nice campfire !
the cat relaxed for most of the day . the humans occasionally caught his eye . their get together lasted until the evening . there was food and games . the cake was the best part , but the cat did not want to consume any .
we went in search of some art work by our favorite muralist today . some of the locations were a little run down and made us nervous . the artwork , on the other hand , was amazing to see first hand . the largest piece was by far my favorite of all his murals after seeing all the murals we decided it was time for a lunch break .
the two brothers decided to go out today . the went to a skateboard gym . they even got to meet some of the skateboarders in person . the skateboarders had a rally to raise funds for the track . the boys had a lot of fun meeting everyone .
i had a photo session with my favorite doll . she is so philosophical sometimes , gazing out the window , lost in thought . the cat likes her too , they were having a good time . the cat really likes her , he even gave her a kiss ! she finished the session posing with her guitar , she 's such a good musician .
the parade was amazing . other countries know how to have a good time . phenomenal parade was a bit weary of attending at first , but everyone was real cool . this woman really knew how to have a good time . he scared me at first . was thinking about running back to the hotel . she caught my eye real cute , and wore her costume so elegantly .
my coworkers and i wanted to celebrate the new contract , so we went out to dinner ! we enjoyed some really great food . we reminisced about good old times and told jokes ! some of us might have drank too much . our boss even drank a little !
my friend and i took a trip to a fountain in his new car . here 's us arriving at the parking lot . here 's my friend taking a picture next to the fountain ! it was hot that day , so here i am resting my feet in the water . the water is so clear that i can see my feet really well !
the man loved his cake and everyone cheered that sat around the big table . his wife was so happy and so was his other granddaughter .
we wanted to visit a foreing country . this was my first time out of the location location . this country has such good food ! and they have unique cars . i was really fascinated with the nature over there .
it was almost time for the yoga class to begin . the guys sitting around waiting for the others to arrive . the yoga class has started and everyone is having fun . after yoga class [male] decides to lay down and rest . while the others are going over the yoga class results .
the birthday boy wanted to greet his guests when they arrived . we let him enjoy this gift a little early to keep him occupied . the balloons turned out to be his favorite thing ! a nice family photo . too bad birthday boy did n't look at the camera . he got a little fussy and naptime ended the festivities .
here we are at the location restaurant with the famous purple passion tree . i love looking at all the good tasting food on the menu . here is my favorite dish the won ton soup . a meal is not complete without ice cream . want to make sure we do n't run out of gas on the way home .
the day she left was rather wet and dreary . we had to cross the street in order to get to the bus pick-up location . her suitcases become quite heavy after walking just a few blocks . one last embrace as the motor coach will be arriving soon . the motor coach finally arrived and she was happy to have her luggage loaded and sit down .
this is my brother , his wife , and their son . it was his birthday today so i brought him a cake . this is the cake and he turns three today . after we ate the cake he opened his gifts . after he opened all his gifts , he thanked us all and appeared to be very very happy .
i could see the view of the city from above . the view of the skyscrapers was amazing . then i saw the huge stadium from above . what a sight ! another building 's dome was magnificent in the amazing view of the city below . the city lights were so beautiful at night . they sparkled in the darkness .
some people do n't see any beauty in an industrial city . they say the street are bleak , and the cloud of pollution always hangs over everything . the area under the overpass does n't hold any magic for them . but they do n't see the gorgeous bridge at the edge of town , or the lovely arches at the start of the bridge . when my family gets together in my gritty hometown , we all celebrate the hidden beauties the town contains .
some of the neighborhood kids came by to watch the fireworks . one of my friend 's kids have fire crackers . there they go ! everybody run ! wow they looked so neat on camera . this shot came out really good .
here the family walks to the playground for outdoor fun . the building we stayed at was taller than we expected ! the happy relatives stroll through town with each other exploring . the playground was newly constructed and looked great . our little girl after coming down the slide .
having a beer for lunch . with a friend , cheers . she does n't really like the beer though . but is taking a few sips anyway . it was a great get together on this beautiful sunny day .
lauriebeth and [female] got engaged last sunday . we were all very happy for them . they are a great couple . they posed at church for an official wedding photo . it looked on the outside like their lives were going to be wonderful . however , in the parking lot , we witnessed lauriebeth smash [female] on the head with a metal bar . they said it was just an illusion based on where we were standing , but i 'm not sure .
this island in the middle of the sea has a great history . old buildings still stand in some places . the pier is from a long time ago , but it has been reinforced to stay available for tourists . on a tourist tram we see the lush vegetation with the sea in the background . an abandoned boat sits along the beach . perhaps it still would float . back at the main tourist area , children and adults play happily in the surf .
a light snow had fallen . it was n't too cold though . the swans were swimming . the ducks seemed oblivious . at night , the tree line reflected in the water .
we went to the beach , yesterday . it was a nice day to be on the shore . i found a really cool jelly fish . we saw some really neat stuff there . at the end of the day , i was very relaxed .
on our vacation we saw a lot of different buildings . people have their businesses outside on nice days . here is a guy that was famous in the town . they have a memorial in his memory . they are also hot dog stands everywhere . look at the national debt keep climbing , wo n't be long they 'll need a bigger board .
before we went to the fireworks , we grilled burgers . our friends had a great time snacking . it was a beautiful day for lounging around . we went to the park and found a spot to stand . all of us were very happy with the kinship .
it 's summertime and summertime means baseball season ! my friends and i were able to get a ticket for the organization organization versus the organization organization organization . the opening ceremony was conducted with the location bird mascot . the organization organization mascot was game and even went to the stands to toy around with the fans . it was a night of fun and drinking with my friends while we watched the organization win the game .
the macro view of this piece of nature reveals some of the beauty of god 's creation . however , a micro view also shows the magnificence of creation as we see in this small animal . the flora produces art worthy of any artist . the evidence of erosion being caused by root growth in addition to weathering adds interest to the micro view . finally , life giving water is captured in a small creek that flows from time to time . beauty is visible in the small as well as the large .
it is a long walk to the bar . many people were going . they had a big menu . the place was packed . there were some games there too .
this was a fun day called day of the kid . it was a day where the kid was the boss . here we designed fridge magnets . these kids minds are so free . here we designed a whole table town , the town had dishes too added in so they could eat and play , how novel . here we ate , what a wonderful table everyone thought . last but not least , this was a cute kid drummer and could he drum !
everyone one having a relaxing day at the beach . some reading books and getting a tan . some decide to get close to the water and feel the breeze . birds flying over the ocean to the land . before the day is over they all take a family picture .
on vacation on the islands taking in the incredible view . the day was sunny with a brisk wind , good news for the sailboats on the water . the beach was littered with odds and ends including egg-like fruits . found one poor jellyfish marooned on the rocks . while a pair of parrots observed over head .
the young girl ice skaters are in a line formation . the girls are performing as a group , together . at the end of the performance the girls posed for a picture . they were all happy to receive an award for their performance . the girls took one more picture with their coach and an affiliate of the event .
we entered the shop and saw lots of really cool cars on display . some of them were very unusual and very expensive . there were several race cars . modern sports cars were my top pick . the older sports cars were pretty neat too .
our friends always gather to celbrate organization organization . this year [male] and barbie were king and queen . [male] always tries to gross us out . he made a disgusting-looking dip that was being devoured by town dinosaurs . in the end , it 's all about good friends hanging out together .
searching for easter eggs is so fun . each child looking for bragging rights for finding the most . the kids search high and low to be the best . and everyone knows that in the end . there can only be one winner
took the kids to the fair and they are having a great time on the swings . my son trying to push away the hay . my older son talking to a horse , who he called big bub . standing on the side watching the lady introduce me . think i will give this a try for the wife and win a stuff animal for her .
[female] is going for a hike today . [female] runs into this fallen tree on her hike in the trail . [female] is exhausted from all the walking and decides to take a break . while resting she snaps a photo of a butterfly . after she is done hiking she heads to the table to have some lunch .
we arrived in location at noon . my cousin loved the great buildings . father hated the cold and rain . the hotel was the best part because the beds were so soft . the murals on the wall in the hotel were like stuff from museum .
the church was recently remodeled and had new windows installed . these are the windows from the other side of the church . the aisle floor has also been remolded to marble . painters came in to paint a mural on the wall . the painters also painted designs over the alter .
there are many pictures hanging on the wall . also there is a sign with handwritten notes on it . outside the sun is going down soon . a group of women go for a walk . beside the sidewalk is a body of water .
i must have walked for hours . i finally found a narrow walkway and decided to walk down it . i found people ! i was beginning to worry . these people did n't acknowledge me at all . i got in this extremely tall man 's face and he walked on by . i even resorted to hiding in a rack of clothes and jumping out and scaring people and the woman in the black coat just walked away . i stood up on a stair and screamed as loud as i could and no one turned around out of this group ! what is going on here ?
i took a walk on in the country . then i came across a small neighborhood . all the roads in the neighborhood were really muddy . after that i came across some really old mail boxes . at the end of my walk i came to a small playground .
digging the trench for the annual ceremony . people are gathering to write their notes and par their respects . he is burying his note to his loved ones . kind of sad in a way . saying a prayer before he leaves . the concrete they will use to bury the notes so they ca n't be disturbed .
another great field trip to the beach . the students were n't super excited at first , but we knew they would be soon . walking carefully into the tide pools , watching for sharp shells or living creatures . one student found something just under the surface . observing more carefully to find out exactly what 's hiding under the sand .
this car was involved in a head-on collision . luckily enough the airbags deployed . the driver of this car was safe . after the initial collision another car slammed into the back of this car . overall , it was an unfortunate situation but it could have been much worse .
okay , i was a little intoxicated when i decided to ride this organization organization . i soon figured out that this was a bad idea . i decided to hop off the thing , and head straight out . i found a taxi to take me home , and told them to take the fastest route out . i looked back at the wheel in the sky , while it grew smaller in the distance . some day i may return to you organization organization . until then , we had our moment .
the sign was colored and the tree was big . there were many presents and ornaments . the sign was nice .
the set list was filled with the bands extensive collection of hits all and all the acoustic performance was boss . when the girl started playing everyone was in awe the blue lights gave the stage a sense of coolness . the jam session was one of the best i have seen in a long time
we wandered into the hotel lobby to inquire about breakfast . they had just put out fresh flowers . my son was in no mood to wait . luckily the dining room was n't busy , so our order was taken right away . we walked off our big meal by exploring a nearby beach . my son was fascinated by everything he saw . we met some nice locals who fell in love with our son !
last night we saw this band play it was incredible i would go see them again they were so good after the show they gave me the set list
check out what i got mom ! this is awesome ! well , if we ai n't gon na eat cake , then i 'm eating this bow . do you see the resemblance ? hmmm , how do i work this thing ? yeah ! let 's play some playstation !
dressed in a fancy colorful hat . the baby dressed up in a colorful outfit . the kid is celebrating the parade . the drums are played through the streets . the drums are played for the rest of the day .
everyone are taking pictures before dinner more pictures are taking at the dinner table before they start eating pictures are snapped while people are having fun people are still getting pictures taken of them while they finish up there food last picture taken before dinner was over
we saw the early vestiges of sunlight from inside the cave , and it made us feel a little less forlorn . having to hunker down in the cave for the night , having lost our bearings on our way out last night , made us feel hopeless . but being able to see the beautiful mountains , what we had came here for , restored our spirits . we followed the river for some time , remembering that our house was downstream . and we found it ! it was n't very long at all . we had to bring the trip to a close soon , we had nearly missed the expedition home with the cave incident , but it made us feel that much closer as a group , as people ; as friends .
i have a great group of friends to share good times . we get together to celebrate birthdays . sometimes we go sightseeing together , the guys always like to eat ! we often spend a day at the beach together playing in the sand . sometimes we do really crazy things , like ride zip lines .
his vacation consisted of much hiking to beautiful locations . there were many opportunities for great pictures along the hikes . it 's too bad the clouds obscured the great view during this hike . another beautiful walk out by the water and another great picture . time to head back for the night after another long day of hiking .
the school bus was involved in a minor accident today . police officers were quick to respond . the bus hit a station wagon from behind . the rear bumper was damaged . fortunately the hatch door of the vehicle was still operational .
a huge risque party is taking place . a woman is wearing lingerie and being groped . a man plays the guitar at the party . a group of people is huddled up on top of each other . they continue to lay all over each other .
there were tons of people at the protest . i had a great time meeting new people there . they all had some very interesting things to say . after a while it got even more crowded . i decided to leave while i had the chance .
i took a short walk on the nature trail to the beach . there were a lot of huge trees along the way . some of them were over 100 feet tall . it was cloudy when we got to the beach . but after about half an hour the skies cleared up !
the night started off great with conversation over dinner he looks like he 's up to no good then things started to get interesting she wanted to make sure everyone heard her by standing on the table he created a custom made oven mitt
last night my friends and i went out to eat . we went to a restaurant where they served us huge portions . everyone ate a lot of food . some of the dishes looked and smelled amazing . everyone had a great time .
the group decided saturday was a good day fro a trip to location location location location . the gang traveled down all sorts of trails , and one point found a tree shaped like a v . some trails were mysterious . there was helicopter overhead dropping off supplies , so they decided to follow it . they came upon a clearing , where there were more helicopters . it was a very interesting trip , indeed .
the chicken was served on the greens . the pasta was seasoned well , but not too much . the noodles were very colorful and piled high . they served wontons with carrots . they served small appetizers to try .
got to see my brothers band play live for the first time . they are so good . the bassist was such a goof ! heres my brother tearing up the drums . they get so intense when they play , so much energy ! glad the lead singer was able to sing through his cold , such a great show !
this is a picture of mountains . this is a picture of an empty road . this is a picture of a cloudy day . this is a picture of an animal . this is a picture of a beach .
last year i flew to location . it was my first ride in a plane . from my seat i could look out the window at the ground below . i could even see the roads down there . i was really glad to be back on the ground when we landed .
the entry was all painted and decorated . the flowers were amazing . everything looked like it had been worked on for a long time . the floats told such a story . the colors were so bright everywhere .
today , we arrived back home . we poured coffee into our cups . we cooked a bunch of sausages . we even made a dish out of rice and meat . lastly , this was the oven we used to prepare our food .
it was my best mates birthday . he was happy that so many people showed up to help him celebrate it . there were friends from all over . mostly we just sat around and talked while enjoying some drinks . everyone had a great time and a great party .
i went to the store and got all of the ingredients i need for dinner . prepping the meal takes so much longer than eating it . i bought canned food and i am not ashamed to admit it . [female] helped me mix the sauces together . our friends had a wonderful time !
the birthday boy waited for what seemed like hours until he could blow out his candles . after the party the group went on a tour of the factory . during the tour the adults had a taste taste of beverages . the tour continued with a show of hands . the adults ended the evening at a local hot spot .
the yarn came in different colors . there were shades of light pink . some were blue with white . some even had more white than blue . the darker pink was the prettiest .
our friends and us went to our first game of the season . here is a great picture of my niece and her boyfriend . we had good seats , just looking at all the people there . the baseball players getting warmed up for the game . it 's game time ! i hope we win .
here is the plane that we took to the national park ! how cool is that ? we arrived safely at location location location , and were excited to start our trip . here is a beautiful little waterfall . the views were so spectacular ! look at those mountains ! we got some great fly-fishing in . we had such a memorable , fun trip .
this is a picture of a cave . this is a picture of a snow capped mountain . this is a picture of water and rocks . this is a picture of a house . this is a picture of the beach .
[male] liked cycling . he goes on long bike rides . sometimes his bike rides are 50 miles . he keeps track of his milage using this device . [male] thinks cycling keeps him top physical and mental shape .
small towns are fun to find unique things in them . this one has an air condition directly above the door , safety hazard ! then you have a guy pulling a cart with a garbage can on a bicycle . but you also find older fun things too . like old timey gas pumps . how historical !
i saw a ted talk . it was about web 2.0 learning . it was a little difficult for me to understand . the talk lasted 40 minutes . at the end , i still had a lot of questions in my mind .
it had the best coffee in the world . patrons could get many options . they looked forward to relaxing with a cup . and getting their preference fulfilled . sitting down with company was a relaxing experience .
we recently traveled to an abandoned carnival . the bumper cars , long abandoned , have collected dust over time . this giraffe speaks of an era long past . batman is as popular today as he was long ago , although he has had a face lift . one can only imagine the screaming , giggling patrons of this abandoned carnival ride .
i made to the bus and found my seat . it was a very clear day out . the mountains were beautiful in the distance . the sky started to get a little dark like it was going to rain . i finally made it to lunch and they offered quite the spread .
saturday morning was the perfect time to take a stroll downtown for the farmer 's market . we approached the town square where people were busy setting up their tables . it looks like we got to the square early before all of the big crowds arrive later this afternoon . so many flowers and plants on display . it will be hard to pick jut one batch to take home to the wife . i always love buying from the vendor in the blue tent . he has the best selection of flowers and always throws in a little extra something for his regulars .
the blue car looked nice near the bicycles . the train tracks were also nice near the flag building that held a rollercoaster .
the grounds did n't appear as cold during daylight . entering the park , we realized what a beautiful place this was . crossing the bridge over the hot springs in the cold weather was incredible . so many people enjoyed themselves in the springs . we loved our time at the resort .
the group of friends stayed in a funky cabin for spring break . art deco style figurines decorated the exterior of the building . the red figurine had a solemn facial expression . but the friends had a great time playing with silly toys . the star spangled decor made them think of independence day , which felt appropriate since they were feeling quite independent as young men vacationing without family . the trip was n't all about goofing off . they had fun relaxing at the beautiful beach .
the bridles and reins were all ready for the rodeo . the horses were fed to get ready . the first contestant led his horse around the ring . after everyone had competed , awards were given . the contestants celebrated after the rodeo with popsicles .
[female] had found marks gun stash . [female] told [female] she should confront mark about it unfortunately [male] had different plans . as he and [female] were in love . [male] was n't regretful for what he did . he would run away with [female] and live happily . this was [male] moments before the police got to him . it seems [female] wanted them both gone .
the boat party was just what the [female] 's family needed . the elderly men gathered in the corner to talk . mr. rodriguez sat in the corner alone for a while until his wife showed up . his wife [female] brought their daughter and they had fun . i took a picture of the exterior of the boat just for memory 's sake .
kids are wandering around a beach . they stop to play in the sand . they get hungry and stop for a snack . but the door is closed . the store creeps them out with all the eyes .
the dog was licking its lips when it saw the sign near the beach . the water was calm and the dog looked out into the water .
i was walking around town and noticed a bunch of cats sitting near a shop . i looked at the entrance and was drawn to it , being such a huge cat lover . i went in and found so many neat and wonderful things there , including these crowns with gems . i also was able to look through a bin of colored stones and gems , and i picked a few out . after buying a bag 's worth of craft supplies and gems , i went out of the store and went to the fruit market . it was a good day for shopping !
today i went and got my face painted . my friend also got her face painted . then my mom wanted too as well ! we got ready to march in a parade . it was a fun parade and i want to do this next year .
here is one of the games we saw visiting the arcade , you had the chance to win jewelry ! we won so many tickets on this one . i had no idea what i was doing on this game , but it was interesting ! skee ball is one of our favorites . we spent most of our time playing this one .
i took my son to the beach today . he scampered in the water for awhile . the bigger waves scared him . he decided to get out of the water and discovered different textures of the sand . one thing led to another and boys will be boys so he started building things out of sand .
the group of friends got ready for the 4th of july . as the sun was going down they traveled down to the lake . then it was time for the fireworks to begin . they were able to see many different colors and shapes over the lake . during the grand finale , they had all kinds of bright white ones .
the man was holding his grandchild the family took a family photo dressup . the mother and daughter took a photo beside there blue car they sit outside in the hot sun they played outside together and had a good time
the family went on vacation by the beach . everyone had such a good time at dinner . then we walked down to the beach . we saw how tiny the houses are by the ocean . after that it started to rain outside .
i had a great time at the bar last weekend . there were a lot of new people there . i had a great time chatting with them . i made a lot of new friends . i hope we get to go back tomorrow .
there was an easter sunday play . the church members watched in interest . the little girl ca n't wait to get out of church for the food and candy just waiting for her to eat . there was a full spread of food . there was also plenty of candy .
my friends and i decided to go canoeing . it was a bit of a struggle to get the canoe in the water . while we were in the water , we came across a goose . after we were done in the canoe , we laid out on the beach to tan . just as we were leaving , a huge group of people canoeing came .
it was their first american 4th of july party . the fireworks were blowing up in full force . they lit the sky up beautifully . the little ones loved the sparklers . the night ended well with lots of drinks flowing all night long .
a club was initiating new members . they had the newbies dance in the circle . even little ones tried out to be in the club . only one of the children were chosen . the party closed with a game of monopoly .
it was a cold day on this holiday . snow barricaded the homes shut . but some people still celebrated . they painted their eggs for easter . and they tried to enjoy the holiday despite the cold .
i went to the lake yesterday . the water was very calm . the shoreline was beautiful . there was some trees that had fallen . i took a lot of pictures there .
our annual trip with friends was in hawaii . some of the locations we found like this bridge were so nice . we had some fun by the lake under the bridge . it was good to have everyone together again at dinner that night . we found some interesting food as well on the street corners .
our family arrived at our annual beach vacation location . i immediately claimed a spot on the beach , pulled out a book to read , and took a glorious nap . when i woke up , i played in the waves with the kids . we watched the seagulls flying into the air while we ran into the waves . dad got all dressed up for a nice dinner we had planned later , while we were still in our swimsuits enjoying the sun .
my son [male] and i went to a silly parade today . this creature caught our eye first . he buzzed around and handed out glitter . these women were humming the happy birthday song and waving really fast . we saw a black truck with a large ugly kid inside . he was so mean ! he screamed insults and threw poop ! we were getting ready to leave when the young black women 's choir danced by singing the star spangled banner . it was amazing !
i arrived at the airport and i am feeling so excited ! here we are with the pilot before we get in the plane for our trip . looking out towards our destination as we are flying . after arriving at the lake we look around at the scene . my new husband and i are relaxing on the boat .
the view of the opera house from the ocean is real spectacular . the ferris wheel looks like it is going to spin in the water . i told my husband that i would love the experience of taking a tour on that boat . this building is beautifully , and artistically designed . this building reminded me of a building that my art teacher made us draw in art class .
before fixing a fire place 's molding you must have the right tools first . then you need to inspect the fireplace in sections . i start inspecting from the top of the fireplace because it is the most noticeable . then i work my way during the inspection from the side of the fireplace down . for this particular job , the problem lies at the bottom of the fireplace . this damage is due to the flames from the fireplace .
they were about to land on the island . they caught one of the famous sunsets . they took a picture outside of a building . they took another picture . they finally stopped for lunch .
we got together for [female] 's first birthday . grandma had fun with [female] and all the kids . [female] 's dog is so cute ! it looks like it wears makeup . we gathered round to sing happy birthday . the cake was simple but quite cute .
mom watches as he opens his birthday gifts . grandma takes a photo of him opening gifts . his first birthday cake came out great ! he reaches for the green balloons . his is amazed by the balloons .
the building has been in tact for many years . we took a picture alongside the water . next , he knelt down near the tree and water stream . the water flowed roughly . he pulled over on the side of the road .
we decided to make everything pretty today . everything had to sparkle and be really nice . i decorated all day really hard to make everything look so nice . i wanted more blue which was the theme . here i am getting ready for the store to open soon .
the family reunites to celebrate grandfather birthday . making a toast to grandfather . table is ready for dinner . singing happy birthday to grandfather . grandmother is helping him blowing off his candles .
many people showed up at the parade today . people were playing horns . there was even food being passed out . it started to rain so some people brought umbrellas . people also got together to take many pictures .
the carnaval was great so much good food the rides we so fun people even could win prizes this guy almost won
our trip to the location location was fantastic . there were so many great views of the canyon . we even found some wildlife ! it is so amazing to see this place in person . our trip was so amazing and it is hard to believe that something like this exists !
it is the first day of rehersal for the show at the ballet institute ! the director comes in , ready to describe all the scenes . there is going to be a wwii scene . he begins to describe what he wants people to do . no one seems to get it . so he must get up and show people how it 's done .
friends and family are gathering for the baby shower . mom to be is opening the gifts that are being given . she is getting things she needs to help her through the early years . everyone is very happy to be sharing in this event . now its time to eat and have some good food and cake .
it was a great day to go to the park little [male] was having a blast little [female] was a big girl and rode the ride all by herself she loved being so independent it was a great day at the park
my husband and i went up to our family cottage last week after my grandfathers funeral . the cottage is located right on the beach looking onto water . we built a bench on the beach to rest on in memory of my grandfather . later we put his ashes into the ocean . the ocean was perfect that day .
the speaker started to show his slides . the first slide had an intro to his main points . they had made a very unprofessional schedule of the day . the workers were sitting in the back just in case they needed help . he had some fun activities set up .
he is enjoying the ride on the snow , but it is challenging . a father playing in the snow with his child . this man is enjoying running the race . it can be difficult to ride a bike in the snow , carrying the bike is a good option . skiing down the road is a great option when there is snow .
the karate expo was today . it was interesting to watch people break boards with just their hands . people with all different belt levels participated in the exhibit . the venue was decorated with traditional structures . the group had a nice time together .
the family came over to open christmas gifts in morning . [male] was eager to open his and could n't wait another second [male] was n't sure how he felt about his gift . mom was happy to receive the book she 's been wanting . [female] opening her first christmas gift !
lili was so excited to see her great grandmother . she took a trip to see her in the nursing home . lili 's mother also enjoyed the trip . as she talked with her grandmother , they discussed what life was like during the depression . lili loved the big comfortable chairs that they had there . it made her feel like a princess . later , the family toured the nursing home and lili was in awe looking at all of the sites . many people from the nursing home stopped to see her dance . it made everyone there extremely happy !
some friends spent a fun day out on their sailboat . later they went back to the beach and fed some seagulls . they had a nice dinner on the beach . they watched the beautiful sunset together . the boyfriend and girlfriend shared a romantic kiss in front of the sunset .
everybody is preparing for an awesome day at sea ! here are [male] and [female] . they do n't look too happy at the moment , maybe sea sickness ? my mom looks so wonderful today . i 'm really glad that she planned this get together . ah , such a beautiful view . i just could n't help taking my sandals off and breathing in the fresh air . afterwards , we all got together for a small meal . everyone was exhausted by this point .
it was getting dark , about time to get inside and see the tree lighting . as we went inside we saw the group of people waiting excitably for the switch to be flipped . wow ! yelled the kids . that is one huge tree said [male] . how many presents do you think location will put under that one , ask [male] . [female] 's favorite was the hanging curtain lights . as the moon came up it was time to go home .
my dad took us to the 4th of july picnic . i get to blow bubbles . what fun ! my brother is getting frustrated trying to get the bubbles into the air . my little brother and i are seeing who can get the most bubbles . we brought a cake to enjoy eating later . it 's really colorful .
i got the kids ready for easter . i gave them each their own basket . next the neighbors and i lined the kids up . we told them to get ready to pick up the easter eggs . the parents were recording it so we could watch later .
in the ancient cemetery , the dead do n't speak but the moss tells a story of slow , calm life . it covers the headstones of villagers past , clinging to the engraved letters . the moss makes a soft carpet on the hard , ancient stones , like a welcome mat to this foreboding place . wherever it can find a shady spot , it thrives , like on the corners of this ancient staircase . the moss has no preference for who 's graves it covers , and does not care how [female] died .
out trip to the canyon provided us with so many amazing views . there was much more to do there than just look at the views . we encountered an area with guides that gave us demonstrations . many of the guides wore uniforms so we knew they worked at the park . the walking paths were spacious and had many different places to stop to take photos .
it is a very modern church service , as the pastor notes . we support the young and that is why they bring in musicians ... like one 's above ... a duet . they sing modern hymns that really relate to the teenage group . and , they do things like this ... knock it out of the park with a trombone .
they started walking up the stairs . there was a long way to go . they made it to the top ! look at that view ! it is a great place to be .
me standing next to our family christmas tree.i love christmas so much . this is our dinner table , we have been eating at this table since i was a little girl.mom is a great cook . my sister and i with our parents.ronald and [female] stockholder.i love my family.we had such a great dinner . dad opening his present i bought him.he 's not a kid but she was sure acting like one . mom and dad gave us our gifts as well . 'i 'm so goofy.mom always picked out the prettiest wrapping paper .
my friends and i participated in decathlon . the first round consisted of us swimming across the lake . then we had to bike 5 miles . after biking , we had to run towards the finish line . i finally passed the finish line and carried my flag with a sense of pride .
there was a protest held outside yesterday . quite a few people showed up , even though it was snowing . at the end of the protest people left to go celebrate . they went to a local bar to have a good time . there was a dj there playing some good songs .
the organization team was ready on the scene ... it was time to unload the bikes from the truck ... and , they were off to the races . the team was performing admirably , as they prepared to pass the hp rider . with the talent on the organization team , they were able to have two of the top three performers on the day . quite a feat for the team .
it 's always special for the whole family gets together . we met for a quick lunch before the event . they brought us sandwiches and fruit . the younger family members were just as supportive . when she started to speak pride welled up in all of us .
this man said he felt free in life . this woman felt the need to explain the historical figure . together , we celebrated on our history lesson . it was a lovely day outside . we saw the beauty when the sun went down .
this weekend we went to a peace garden . the colorful flowers were beautiful , and smelled wonderful . the gazebo was quiet and peaceful , it was relaxing to sit in the shade ! there was a religious garden for meditation . the bright and colorful flowers were breathtaking .
the old church was in the center of town . this historic house is over 200 years old . this historic house only has one room . this house was built for the 1st mayor of the town . the town mayor lives in this town now .
there was a lady who was greatly looking forward to her beach vacation . when she arrived , she relaxed on the couch . the bathroom in the hotel that she booked was unbelievably luxurious , and she needed to try out the bathtub right away ! the next morning , she decided to eat breakfast on her balcony , overlooking the gorgeous ocean view . her balcony also overlooked the pool . when she checked it out , she could n't believe no one was using it ! best of all was having her husband along with her to enjoy the amazing view off the balcony .
there was a local talent show . [male] sang at chhurch . [male] sang and [male] played guitar . they sang good rock music . [male] played a trumpet too !
the town of mcdonough has not changed much since the day it was formed . the grocer is still in the same building as it was , although the house has changed . this is the town 's infamous christmas tree ; the decorating ceremony is an important town event . the whole community shows up . the town hall and post office are run from the same simple building . our modest town makes the church appear grand in comparison .
we had just arrived at the location festival . the first performance began . the second performer had a pretty short act . the third sounded almost irish . i 'm glad we got there early , the crowd was still growing .
yesterday was [male] 's first day at the beach . he ran in and out of the water . he even layed on the sand to see what it would look like from a crabs eye view . [male] built sand castles with motes . [male] had a wonderful time at the shore and wants to go back again .
[female] 's fifth birthday party was a big success . [female] likes flowers , and wanted to eat all of the flowers on her cake . she said her cake tasted even better than it looked . i think i should have done the mentos/diet coke trick outside ! [female] had a great day and loved all of her gifts .
morning stroll with the dog . caught this cute moment with meg and organization . no dex , you are messing up the shot . i think organization is mad at me . time to play fetch that cheers him up . run dex mamma is coming to get you ! happy dog . he loves out strolls .
[male] was quite enthused about his birthday present from grandma fran . fran seemed pleased with his approval . dad seems to think that he takes better pics with this old camera than i do on my phone . [female] wants to open some presents also ! this gift bag had a picture of billy on it !
it was a very cold day out and the clouds were heavy . there were people in the water which was strange . the water was so nice and it felt great on the people 's bodies . to the north , the land was very dry and rough . these people were glad they lived in the opposite direction .
a day trip out to the island . lunch at the location location location . got indigestion , do n't go . the harbor restaurant had better food . but the water smelled , and the seagulls were pests next time we will go on a historical battlefield tour .
we rented a very fancy car for our big road trip ! we loved crossing a big bridge in our performance car . we were excited when we got to route 101 , as that had been a dream of ours . the open road and the ocean in the distance were an amazing view . we stopped to just take a picture of our car , to remember always what a great day it had been .
some of the school children chose to dress up and march in the parade . this man 's umbrella flipped inside out while he was watching the parade . this bus was all decked out to bring people to the parade . a float that was very well decorated for the parade . the leading edge of the marching band in the parade .
we had hiked for miles and miles ... we finally reached the point of no return.. the water was flowing over the rocks ... and , the wind was blowing wildly ... we decided we better hurry , because the rain appeared to be coming .
the teachers and coaches began the soccer awards . they showed off some of their soccer skills , before announcing the mvp players . the winners came up , and took their awards . some wore funny hats to celebrate the festivities . the rest of the team watched the ceremony , supporting their fellow players . after the mvp awards , the team gathered for their team picture . a great season of soccer had been celebrated .
we had a great time on our mexican vacation . lots of fun going on by the ocean . lots of cool buildings there as well . the sunset was beautiful . now it is time to party .
it was a beautiful day so i decided to go for a walk . i just wander the streets lost in my own thoughts . before i knew it i seem to have gotten turned around . i was passing storefronts i 'd never seen before , it was time to ask for directions home . after adding two hours on to my walk i finally made it home exhausted and hungry .
i decided to spend a night out on the town with me and my camera . i went around to all of the grandiose buildings and photographed their artistry . eventually , i stumbled upon some boats and shot them too . deciding to take a break , i had some drinks in a bar . then i went to a late night museum to get more inspiration for my photos .
our travels brought us to an interesting looking rock structure . on closer look , it was a castle . my sister just just a little taller than the earth wall . there were sheep grazing nearby . the sheep 's water source was clear , and probably the reason the castle was build here .
for our vacation in location we got to see many tall buildings . we stopped off an a local pub a few times and enjoyed a couple of beers . the country side was gorgeous with green grass and blue skies . the menu at the restaurant we went to was hard to understand . the next day we stopped by some boats and did some sailing .
here is my friend [male] . he looks cool . but deep down inside he 's pretty depressed . his wife filed for divorce and he just got let go at his firm . he asked me to take these voyager photos for some reason . i 'm not sure , i 'm just playing along . he has n't noticed my confusion , but its hard for me to tell when he wears sunglasses . he ripped off his shirt and revealed a organization organization organization shirt . he said nothing . well at least we are on the same page when it comes to baseball teams .
the first fraternity party of the year brings young women who have never been on their own and who have decided to let their hair down . alcohol , smoking and other bad decisions will be part of their evening and night . inhibitions are reduced and the girls know how to use their sensuality . the alcohol has loosened the inhibitions and party goers of both genders use any excuse for touching . the hormones of youth add to the mix and groping in the pile-up brings pleasure to many . the girls have selected their guy and a trip to his room will soon follow .
i took my food truck to the bike race today . when i got there there were already a lot of other people there . there was another food truck there before me . they were all showing now . i had a lot of competition .
the lady was eating a bag of chips . the dog really wanted some . outside they were getting ready for a party . while this was going on , the horse was eating . the dog got into the festivities as well .
a lot of people attended the musical festival . why would n't they , with the hot air balloons ! the country performers were a hit . it was a husband wife band . they sang together beautifully .
we approached the venue for the party . a large crowd of family had gathered . they 'd roasted a pig to feast on . the family members ate and talked and had a lot of fun . the younger party goers played outside and enjoyed the party as well !
i was so excited to get invite to the organization organization . there was all kinds of food there . even the napkins were official . i could n't believe i was that close to the president . it was awesome to see the president and first lady .
[male] spent a long time preparing his posters for the competition . he made some strawberries to bribe the judge with . he made 2 poster that he thought could win . he hoped and prayed that the judge would choose him . finally the day came and the judge chose someone else 's work . he was so disappointed .
i went for a walk while i was on vacation . there were many other tourists there . we had a great time and we took a lot of pictures . there were a ton of people . i hope i can go back soon .
i was walking down the street when i came across a terrible car accident . one of the vehicles was completely destroyed . they had to bring in a tow truck to remove the wreck . the other car was badly damaged as well . it took them a while to clear that part of the street again .
the cruise was a great vacation idea . there were excursions to the beach on a sunny day . the water was so clear you could see the bottom . paddleboating in the ocean was one of the most fun things to do . at the end of the day , walking the beaches in search of shells was relaxing .
the people took a tour of the beautiful home . the landscaping added to the appeal of the home . the architecture was interesting and ornate . the entire plot was lush and beautiful . it was a great home to tour to get a glimpse into 1960 's architecture .
a wide arching rainbow extends over the city skyline . the rainbow is still showing its array of colors . the clouds have started to move away , but our rainbow is still there . a close view shows bands of green , yellow and red highlighting the sky . now gone , our city is wrapped around a nice warm day with no more rain .
this the most beautiful place on earth even from a distance right on the beach is amazing have you ever been there ? models love shooting here
we had such a great time at the beach we even caught a crab the kids went fishing and we flew a kite we even buried our daughter in the sand
when passing by a build , we noticed it had barbed wire on the top . then we noticed the vents for the air conditioner . all the windows had bars on them . after that we noticed some windows that did n't have any bars . upon looking closer , the barbed wire looked sharp .
this is me and krissy on our first spring break ! we did superhero poses in front of the sunrise to be extra dramatic . krissy 's new boyfriend went to dinner with us . the next day , we went to the beach . the water was pretty cold ! our apartment had a tiny kitchen . this vacation was super fun !
i went to a concert last night . the band playing was jamming a good tune . the singer of the other band was great . the men on the drum set were very talented . i felt very entertained by this band .
my friends and i went to this great party with these killer nachos . block style outside in the beautiful sun . my hat protected me from getting burnt . i think we may have had a few too many coronas . eventually the cops came to break it all up .
the first stop of the tour in the historical area was this old graveyard . this home was owned by one of the town 's more prominent doctor 's and is now used as an inn . the first school in the area was housed in this old building . in busier times , the old hotel used to be always packed . this is the bed and breakfast we stayed at on our trip .
it was my first time seeing mountains along the ocean . we took a few silly shots before our walk . the coastline here was very rocky but gorgeous . our hotel was expensive but well worth it . we plan to make this an annual trip .
together , we raise our sparklers in celebration of the new year . the light trails seem magical in the night . the fireworks look like a flock of magical sparkling butterflies . she lights the roman candle to say farewell to the old , and bring in the new year . in the aftermath of the new years celebration , the champagne seemed to flow freely .
[male] opened his last present but was n't sure what it was . i looked at my husband and asked if he knew how to put it together . grandpa said he could put anything together . my husband said he was supervising . finally the finished product . a cool awing for the boys playroom .
it was a nice winter day and i wanted to go on a stroll . so i gathered my family and we walked along the shoreline . we were surprised to be able to find swans so late in the season . my children were delighted to be able to attend to see the birds in the winter . we walked until dusk then went home and drink some hot cocoa by the fireplace .
we decided to go to a nightclub and listen to some live music . here 's my lovely drink ! the musicians were amazingly talented and enjoyable to listen to ! i loved the pretty little lamps on all of the tables . we caught mom and dad enjoying a dance !
we started the journey toward dinner and it was a long walk . we helped a man plant a flower on the way down . which , made [male] rather tired and pondering if it was worth it . we finally arrived at dinner and the tables were lovely . and , following dinner , we started our journey back home .
we got up early and headed out to the market . the flower vendors displays were so inviting . it was a beautiful , blue sky morning . we got there early , so it was n't crowded yet . after a little shopping , we stopped at a food truck for a snack .
it 's her birthday , she has presents to open . she is happy sitting on her couch . there are many pillows all around the girls legs . at night the room is dimly lit . her friends are gon na present her with a cake .
i bought my son a fancy cake with an action figure on it . i took the action figure off so he would n't try to eat it . after i removed the action figure he used his hands to eat the cake . he got the cake all over his face . after we waited for a little while after eating , we all went outside and went for a birthday swim .
i waited for the bus to arrive to take us to the beach . it was a beautiful day for the beach . after the beach we went for a walk . there were a lot of people on the pier walking as well . after our walk we got back in the bus . we were very tired .
friends got together for a picnic in the park . here is our view from our picnic table . here is the feast that my friends and i prepared . this is my favorite food that was brought . this is my best friend who made this picnic in the park with friends possible .
the aquatic center had shells for sell . looking under the water seemed like another world . the fish had their freedom to swim wherever . the sting ray still looked intimidating . i love seeing the animals interact .
the local auto museum put on a show about ambulances . they had some of the modes open to see inside . there were models that did n't look like ambulances at first glance . it was interesting to see the past ambulance logos . some logos were very simplistic .
i went to the zoo and temples with my best friend this vacation . here is us trying out our new selfie stick . we saw many animals in the zoo including this little guy . we both liked the flamingos , they are very interesting . we relaxed the night away after a long day on the beach and prepared for more fun the next day .
me and my friend decided to go to this show we are enjoying ourselves taking pictures with some of the actress this actress everybody love i also found my favorite at the end we both decided to go out with a bang with the best actress
we all had a blast at the show ! some of us had to cool off in front of the fan , because we were dancing so hard . the crowd was really fun and the drinks tasted good . everyone had a lot of fun meeting new people . most of us want to have another party like this again .
i like weird stuff . like this thing . here 's some junk . i love location . and the beach .
we were thrilled to see everyone board the boat at the same time . it was storytelling at sea that wonderful afternoon . our youngest guest said it was her first time aboard any kind of boat . we rekindled old friendships on that beautiful vessel . it was our first time on a yacht so we did n't know what to expect .
i went to the church last weekend for the party . there were a ton of people there . they were all enjoying the good food there . afterward i took some photos with my friends . we had a great time .
the lakeside community offers many places to stay . the `` log cabin '' is a relaxing get away with lots to do and see . the social life is outstanding . the views are out of this world . people of all ages will enjoy the relaxing get away with family and friends .
i went hiking today . i found a large river . i saw lots of rock formations . i really enjoy taking photos . i ca n't wait to go back .
the field was vast and there was a dog . the family was having a nice time looking at the green field . it was a good day overall .
there was a parade going through a town . the town was full of interesting art . people in costumes came marching down the road . people had colorful outfits . some were very unique and odd .
i had to check out a new restaurant . the drinks were fantastic . a bowl of food went a long way for me . i asked the waiter to take a picture of me reading . a poster outside of the restaurant changed my perspective on life .
the man was redoing his house . they wanted to repaint things and fix it up real nice . there is so much work for him to do . he does n't even know where to start . he decides he needs to repaint that room .
the party guests are here to have a blast this halloween . the party looks promising , it should be a good night . there is music of course , no get together is compete without it . the guests try and see if there is room on the couch for everyone , looks like yes . well , its a pig pile , what can i say . happy halloween !
[female] teaches her son [male] how to count every sunday with cake squares after she bakes them . she forms groups of numbers for him to eat . here since he is three years old she puts together three cakes in a row and ask him to count . [female] only teaches him numbers one through 10 . and when she gets him through that will move on to bigger numbers . [male] screams out 4 ! it 's four cakes there mommy . she exclaims , yes ! as he takes one and eats it . how many cakes are left [male] ? , asks his mommy . [male] says three . [female] smiles and says , yes . now save these three for after dinner !
the drive to the campsite was long . [male] was there already , shining the light through the fabric of the tent . the campsite was secluded . after a quite morning , the sun came out and lit up the mountains . perfect time for a hike .
today we went to see lady [female] . after the tour , we were hungry , so we found some place to eat . it was n't a particularly busy restaurant . the food , however , was absolutely wonderful . i was n't sure what this was , bud my buddy insisted that i try it . wow , was it good !
it was a beautiful day out , so i decided to spend it working in the garden ! first i tended to the trumpet flowers . then i clipped back the hedge a little . i rearranged some rocks next to the cliff , trying to make a rock wall . it turned out alright . after a hard day 's work , i kicked my feet up and took a nap !
the cathedral was so nice to see in person . ming was so happy to be on vacation . wang was not happy to be on vacation . he was not happy because they had separate beds . but they both enjoyed the inside of the cathedral .
the kitchen at the restaurant was incredibly busy . [male] sliced lamb from the huge hunk . the cooks used the freshest ingredients they could find . [male] served delicious food from behind the counter . [female] rolled out the dough for the tasty food that would be served to hungry customers .
it was a great night full of lights the night shined bright throughout the city the buildings were amazing to look at and the food was just as good this was the perfect night for a night out
it was [female] 's first time in the big city , let alone running a huge 26.2 marathon . but if anything , she is ambitious . the running area was roped off from traffic , police cars blocked intersections , and the public lines up on the sidewalks to support those running . it was an exciting moment for [female] preparing for the race to start . she got her running id and psyched herself up . the runners took off running to the cheers of the crowd at the sides of the road . it was a huge surge of adrenaline for those involved . after a long day of running , runners finally started to cross the finish line and note their times . [female] felt she finished much better than she had expected .
the city had many nice buildings on the clear day . people went to the market where they talked and bought food .
the family took a wonderful vacation to an old historic town nearby for the summer . we visited the local museum and saw some awesome artifacts of historical significance of the city . there was an old barn and many other beautiful houses nearby . we also visited a beautiful lush river and walkway in a nearby park . the landscape was gorgeous . we ended our vacation rafting in the nearby lake .
my mom , grandpa , and i went on a day trip to the zoo . we stopped at this tower restaurant for breakfast first . my favorite exhibit was the penguins . i could n't believe how big the polar bears are ! i tried getting my picture taken as a kangaroo , but this guy would n't move out of the way .
grandma is on her way to visit her grandchildren . she has to travel two hours to reach her grandchildren . she gets a drink at the local pub . she takes the walk past this building . she sits on the bench waiting for the bus .
the concert was a great time for everyone . the drummer delivered a great performance . the whole band performed their hearts out . the guitar player gave a great solo . they ended the performance by calling a girl on stage to sing .
getting ready to have a celebrating the man is making a speak to the crowd he is owning a employee getting ready to make a toss taking a group picture together
i 'm a food buyer for a major american grocery store chain . i got to a lot of food conferences , and see a lot of strange food ideas . this kale and brown rice meal will not catch on , i do n't think . people are so earnest about their food booths , it 's hard to discourage them . this egg looked like any other egg to me , but the vendors thought it was different somehow !
the family was so happy , because they got to go on a trip to the beach ! they got the tent all set up so they would have shade from the sun . then they sat down together to eat a delicious lunch . after lunch , it was time to play in the ocean . the waves were so big . they played so hard all day , having a great time in the sand and water . they were exhausted and fell asleep on the drive home .
my wife took a picture of our son and i standing near the beach at sunset . before she could notice though i was taking pictures of her and our daughter together on the beach . on our way to a restaurant for supper after the beach i catch rosko leaning out the window . finally we reach our destination and the only thing on my mine is the wonderful food . there it is in all it 's glory ready for me to chow down and enjoy .
the town square was a vibrant place to shop . townspeople walked through the square to get to their boats in the morning . fishermen usually left the docks in the morning to work . the ocean was a fruitful way to make a living . this coastal city provided a way of life for the residents that kept everyone fed and productive .
a train tour offered the chance to get a look at many different locales . here , the travelers spotted a beautiful old fountain . the detailing on the carvings was unbelievable . they eventually came to their intended destination . they made time to observe one final intricate statue before moving on with their day .
this is a picture of a man in the woods . this is a picture of a tree . the sky is cloudy in this picture . this is a picture of a cloudy beach . this is a picture of a sunny beach .
the outside of the building looked like a beautifully aged photograph . so i was surprised to see how beautifully colored the inside was . even the somewhat gray buildings had brilliant splashes of red . we finally joined the crowed around the stage . finally , i took a few minutes to enjoy the waterfall outside the building itself .
i arrived just as it was starting to get dark to view the ice sculptures . i love this snowflake design . look at the bronzed [male] brown character . this one looks very delicate . i hope it lasts until judging . here is the last one to see . i love seeing these designs .
we went for a trip to an old river factory . the drive there was beautiful . a.t the river , it had all the old river machines that they used to work it was neat to see the old relics . the machine had become obsolete , so i had one last look at them before i had to leave .
today we went to the organization organization organization . this is me . i was so happy to see the koala 's ! this is [male] the koala . he came down slowly to see us clearer . he was so sweet i did n't want to leave him . later we made our way to the beach . we had so much fun . [male] my boyfriend got drunk . he eventually passed out and we left him to bake in the sun .
we even decorated for our saint [male] 's day party . caught my sister drinking a beer which never happens . my brother in law had a few to many green beers . also caught my sister dancing which never ever happens . i look cool in my new hat and my husband looks cool drunk off his butt .
my daughter and i made a cake for my sisters birthday . she was very happy with the cake . she insisted on getting a picture of us with the cake and her . after we took pictures , it was time to cut the cake . just four of us finished off the entire cake and took a picture to save the moment .
my family and i got together to celebrate my granddads 75th birthday . we made him king for the day at his party . all of us wore mustaches and glasses because granddad has a mustache and wears glasses . the whole family was there to help him celebrate his birthday . granddad had a really good time .
the cat is checking out the surroundings of its new home . the cat is playing with its plant in the window seal . something outside has caught the attention of the cat . the cat and its new owner are relaxing on the couch as he nibbles on her ear . the cat is very playful and is going to enjoy his new home and his owner .
we went to see a major league baseball game but i have no idea what teams are playing it looks like the pitcher is throwing lots of strikes the pitcher is throwing them so fast that the batters are not getting any hits the crowd is going wild and is waiting for some action . finally a man on first base now the game is getting interesting .
the train exhibit detailed the conne ted cars throughout time . a variety of vehicles were on display . older models gave impressions of transport years ago . newer cars could still be found in operation today . old docking stations can still be viewed today .
i tool this photo with my newest camera . this shot was straight out of the camera . i photo edited this shot . this shot was the side view of the first one taken . the butterfly shot was may favorite .
today was rather chilly but i rode my bike to the beach anyways . i 'm getting closer . finally , me on my bike at the beach in the winter . the view was awesome . i stayed until sunset but left before the sun went down because it gets really cold with no sunshine .
we gathered together to enjoy the holiday . the tree was decorated with care . the table was primed and prepped we dimmed the lights to set the mood . the whole house was warm with cheer and love .
this is an art show in location that is attended by thousands . there are a lot of handmade items for sale . this nice detail was carved by hand from a tree trunk . an 80 year old woman made this shortly before she died . her daughter also found this tucked away and brought it to the show .
we were so excited to be going on vacation in location . when we arrived we drove to our village and admired the scenery . we found our lodging and decided we should explore before it got dark . we traveled along a path through the village and looked in awe at the beauty of our surroundings . location is a unique location to visit , the village we stayed at was amazing . i ca n't wait to return again next year .
visiting the country such a big house ! look doxie wrote megs name ! meg and doxie running around having fun on the beach . oh no ! hurry doxie get your toy before it floats away ! a beautiful view of the ocean !
the day was gloomy and the stained glass was made darker by the lack of light from the sun . i realized , i must use my camera on my cellphone so i could later identify the statues . i was alone , but i could feel that i was being watched . but always ready and willing for a selfie . maybe , they might think i 'm a tourist . finally , i compared the statues . damn ! they do n't match . my search continues .
sitting on the dock watching the tide roll in . a flag flies atop a large building . an abstract painting we bought on vacation . the view from our hotel room on vacation . learning the street signs in a new country .
here is a picture of me in the desert ! i met this beautiful woman and she agreed to take a photo with me . here i am with the local children after a game of football ! later , our tour guide recommended a ride on the camels . we went riding for our last activity of the night , it was surprisingly cool !
today marks the day that i ran my first marathon . the crowd is getting worked up and ready to run ! the torch carrier signified the start of the race . number 2270 , that 's me ! another keepsake for my scrapbook . i did n't come in first , but i did n't come in last ! i did it !
my wife wanted something special for vacation . after she got off work , i picked her up and took her to the airport . i had chartered a small airplane . this was our destination . once there we rented a boat and spent the weekend on the water .
the travelers went out to find a trail in the wilderness . they hiked along a river . it was cold out so they had to dress appropriately . they enjoyed spending time together in the wilderness . the beautiful area provided wonderful photo opportunities .
it is new years and everyone at the bar is very excited . this is their first new years together and they are celebrating it all night . the man is already slightly drunk . another couple poses for a picture they are just happy to be together tonight . finally it is almost time for the ball to drop and the group waits anxiously for it to happen .
we went to see the art in the city that day . the inside of the church was made us feel very enriched . this sculpture was very strange yet captivating . the lighting was extremely intense and illuminating . we all posed for a photo before leaving .
a neighborhood was enjoying a street festival full of activities . there were several games , like a ball throw . there was also a photo tent . kids were playing video games at one booth . at another booth , children had their face painted .
we arrived in location and immediately saw the location location . it was lit up and continued to move closer and closer . we , finally , got the best view possible and snapped a lovely picture . then , [male] , decided he was tired . so , we he headed for the subway and moved back toward the hotel .
took a field trip to the tide pools . learned lots of interesting tidbits . got to do a lot of hands on . now the tide starts to come in . and everything is back under water .
grandmother meeting her 5th grandson at the birthday party . mom and kids together looking at husband play , and grandmother dancing with her grandson . metting his cousin for the first time . grandmother happy to be with her granddaughter . singing happy birthday to grandfather .
they had a large ranch . it was large enough to ride their horses . the dog enjoyed the outdoors as well . the interiors were cozy . and the decorations were quaint .
my friends and i love to go biking . we ride through the city . we pass animals in the fields when we ride through the country . we bike for many miles . at the end of our excursions , we feel tired but happy .
a couple of tall buildings are the focal point in this shot . a few people are walking down the sidewalk on a bright and sunny day . the kids take a break and have a meal of sodas and sandwiches on the sidewalk . looks like this guy is enjoying his drink . however , she is making a pucker face , so it might not be as yummy for her .
this is my city . it is beautiful and broad . it 's rainy from time to time , but we try to stay dry . sometimes it rains so hard , that we need to wear a towel indoors . the rain drips from the ceilings at times , so it helps us cover our head from the insecticides that run off from the roof . i remember when it all started . before the thirtieth anniversary of our favorite television show spongebob squarepants , we decided to throw a party for us and the kids . unfortunately , this party would be our last . hailstorms and light trails began to scour the location . we ran into our quarters , and looked on the internet to see if we could find why this torment was occurring in nature . we realized it was caused by the local trappist monk who was reading [male] potter books . he would strap a wrist protector in order to defend himself from the shingles . it worked , but this was the last time we would see him .
everyone got together for sushi . look how amazing the food came out ! everyone was clamoring for food and enjoying themselves immensely . see how huge the table was to fit everyone ! we got our plates cleaned up and started talking . then we started going around to talk to people on the other side of the table . it was great catching up with people we had n't seen in a long time .
every table was covered in linen . the entree 's were magnificent works of art . this particular dish was very popular . a long tray of deserts were made available to sample . the lighting gave the restaurant a wonderful ambiance .
the main councilwoman led us in discussion . she advised many members on the best solutions . she was also prepared to sign the documents when that time came . afterwords , we celebrated at the act of legislation . we took pictures in remembrance .
the parade started with the local jrotc team . then there were clowns on funny bikes . after that there were soldiers marching down the street . there was a large red fire truck at the parade . finally there were so cool cars in the parade .
[female] got a free ticket to her favorite baseball team . she got to meet the team 's mascot . she and her boyfriend took bunch of pictures together . she enjoys watching her home team play . it got really exciting when her home team won .
on our nature walk we explored nature on a wooden bridge . the beautiful greenery covered a bright sunshine . fences had ivy growing up them , and were noticed surrounding the park . we had treasures to take home from our nature walk . i picked some plants to bring home and place in to my garden .
my grandparents always loved going to the jazz fest down town . this stranger loved the music apparently . out grandparents were old school hippies as well . my grand father knew this man , he was a good on the guitar . my brother took this photo and i am not sure how he did but it was cool to look at .
we had a great weekend together . before hitting the beach , we stopped at a burger stand . the weather was great for hanging out at the beach . we saw awesome sand sculptures . we ca n't wait to come back here !
capital city seemed almost haunting at night . the white buildings were illuminated by lights in the lawn . the streets had a vintage quality to them . tunnels were enchanting and mysterious . some of the statues in town were very creepy and gave off a dark vibe .
there was a big parade in location . a throng of people rushed through the gate . everyone was in a festive mood . there was a magnificent display of flowers . there was a lot to see in the auditorium .
we were very excited to explore the nearby forest . we entered the field and ran quickly to the forest edge . we stopped at a river in the woods and watched the fish go past . [male] thought he saw a bear in the woods but i do n't think so . we even found an abandoned house that was full of old pictures . we had a great time that day .
had a great vacation ! lots of lounging saw some beautiful sunsets . koalas out on a nature walk i even got close enough to pose with one . bridge on the walk back
putting up birdhouses is a fantastic way to bring birds to your yard . they can be homemade or store-bought , whatever is convenient . make sure that you have refreshments for your birdhouse party . inside , have yummy treats available . hang a hammock so you can bird watch in comfort .
what a great trip . the views were amazing . the hotel was so big . i want to stay forever . and the temple was awesome !
a man visited the beach and took a stroll to experience the location . the clouds formed interesting formations around the sun . the man sat on a rock to enjoy the sunset . the tidal pools formed by the rocks and sand were interesting . the visit was enjoyable and ended as the sun set .
this was part of my summer road trip though some east coast cities this summer . i got to go through some of the back roads and see some old towns . there was many abandoned building that had a lot of history . this road creeped my out so i had to turn around . these trees were very early in getting their fall colors .
[male] knew his days were limited ; the drive to `` the middle of nowhere '' would not buy more time . he made it to location , and stopped , the cancer stripping his energy reserves . the town had a chic , artsy feel , that annoyed his self pity . but the lake and mountains in the distance provided just the solemn peace he needed . the next day , he hopped back on the open road , determined to die at home .
[male] had just got out and back into town . it was good to be home , smell the fresh flowers he had n't ever appreciated before . he even appreciated the old wooden bridge . and the ducks he use to find so annoying . most of all , he was glad to see her again .
the people get ready for the annual race . there are people who are racing in the water . these people are going through the obstacle course . one guy is racing on his bicycle . this guy is the winner of the race . he is very happy that he won .
we decided to drive to the beach . from the car we could see hills of green pasture . finally we reached a cliff . we could see views of the beach on either side . we decided to walk down to the beach to wade in the water .
we were very excited to join mom and dad on a family trip to location . dad was very proud of his new souvenir t-shirt that he picked up . it was a beautiful autumn day as we took a stroll by the water in the park . the beautiful art and architecture was on full display on our autumn stroll . we celebrated our adventure with a nice glass of wine at the end of the day .
it was [male] 's 70th birthday and everyone came to his party . his great granddaughter alina . even his sister 's family came . [male] 's brother brought his granddaughter sophi . [male] was so happy to see all of his sisters again in one place .
i spent some time going through old boxes and found old papers . i found an invite to a bar mitzvah . i found photos of grandmas family . i also found grandmas school photo . and photos from her wedding .
the group gathered before the play for a fun photo . they were all excited to see the show . from their seats in the balcony , they watched in wonder . they cheered and clapped as the actors took to the stage for a bow . after the show , the group decided to visit their favorite local restaurant . they talked and drank into the night , smiling for many pictures and enjoying their time together .
a camel is a great way to visit the desert . this is the start of our exotic journey . we decided to ride horse , because the camels were all rented . time for a break to get some water . this girls was beautiful and very friendly .
this is the building where the event is being held . there are quite a number of people attending this event . this event is about your market for mobility . these two people are displaying a product for your mobility needs . the people seem pleased with what is being said .
i was waiting for the concert to begin . finally the first performer arrived . there were all kinds of performers tonight . they sang all kinds of songs . and even played songs with each other .
banners hanging up for the thai flower festival . a creative float in the parade at the festival . another well decorated float in the parade . some really nicely done arrangements for the festival . someone left a flower offering for their deceased loved ones .
we started the bike off by replacing the grips . we then took a look at the tires and switched them out to some more durable wheels . the chain then needed to be replaced , and finally we were finished . here 's the owner taking the bike out of the store . and here 's a photo of the finished product .
the guy took a photo near the tree then of the tree itself . the tree was huge and by a lake that was very relaxing .
a tornado ripped through our city ! even though it was n't very big , it still damaged buildings . it knocked over trees . some trees fell on cars ! some cars were destroyed by falling debris . clean up will be difficult !
there was a large crowd gathered to enjoy the medieval fair . they enjoyed listening to a band playing period music . a man demonstrated how to hunt with a falcon . but the owl was not impressed . garlands were for sale , providing a beautiful way to remember the day .
we arrived and saw a classic ship stuck on the hard ice . the architecture was one of the best parts of this town . it was nice to see the olde world and the windmills from centuries ago . this was the place where important townspeople lived many years ago . we celebrated with a traditional fire ceremony with the townspeople .
they camped in a secluded drive . they had tents and room for all . they built a fire . they ate a great meal complete with watermelon . they even brought the family dog along for the fun .
here we are at the church that is holding a acient art display . this place is huge but there is a crowd that are waiting to go upstairs to see the art work . here is a famous statue pointing the way to more art . i thought writing with a pen and paper took along time to write with this would have been painful but really cool to see . i found this to be the most interesting piece of art out of the whole display .
the owners are celebrating the anniversary of their winery . the father 's son and his wife join in the celebration the couple had a more to drink than the others and it is showing . the father and manager are all smiles for this celebration . all the friends gathered and had a great time at the intimate gathering .
the balloon fair was the best thing in the world . there were character balloons that were fun to watch watch . entertainment included local bands . everyone took videos and pictures to post on instagram . the carnival rides were so fun as well .
this little girl decided that she wanted to have a tea party . she set up her tea set for some friends to join her . she poured the tea into the teacups . the little girl was sad that she had no friends at her tea party . but having pictures of her friends on the computer screen made her feel not quite alone .
[female] was performing at a small gathering of people . she played her guitar and sang . the people did not go near her and stayed at the far end of the room . [female] wondered was her singing bad ? she decided to just play the guitar . she knew a lot of songs and played them all . when [female] was finished , it was location 's turn to play guitar for the crowd .
the scouts prep for their trek into the wilderness . they start to pair off , talking about what 's going on in their life . they walk for about 20 miles . once they get into the mountain , they decide to camp and start a camp fire . time for roasted marshmallows !
i found a box of old family photos . here 's my grandmas family when she was younger . a picture for a park visit when i was a kid . my moms vacation picture when she was young . here is my parents wedding .
we saw a large neon lite ferris looking wheel in the distance . we headed through the city toward it . it looked even better up close . we then noticed the large group of people that were attending a gathering near it . there was a great concert happening and we stayed until it finished .
the remnants of a sad affair . after a riot , the innocent people are stuck repairing . all of these windows had to be replaced . this bus stop was hit especially bad . they 've already got fresh glass to put in there . but such a mess was made .
the brothers loved skating . they 'd skate for hours every day . one day , their friend told them he had tickets to go see their favorite professional skater : [male] . the boys went to the skating show and had a great time . the best part was the photo they got with [male] .
i walked down to the shore last week . the waves were rolling in peacefully . there was no one else there . i had a great time watching the waves . there was a little bird watching me nearby .
the fields were quite large with an array of plants . one field had yellow flowers . another had purple flowers . then they came upon a field of stunning red flowers . finally , they came to the old house which was still beautiful despite its age .
for my birthday i invited family and friends over to the park for a picnic . i was so happy it was such a nice day for a picnic . we had so much food , everyone had a chance to bring some of their favorite dishes . i brought my favorite dish to the picnic , shrimp ! we all had a great day , and i 'm happy i got to spend it with my close friends and family .
today was barn day . i saw a white barn . then a yellow barn . i also saw a second yellow barn . but the beige barn was the best .
it was a beautiful spring day . perfect for a race . these racers strove to push their sled the fastest . then the racer would run with it . the women had practiced all year on their skills . this scottie dog really like the race , he thought he would enjoy running too .
when i was on vacation last week i had a great view of the ocean . i stayed at a beautiful resort . the property was huge . there were many old buildings nearby . i had a lot of fun looking at all of them .
[female] 's trip to see her sister , [female] , was just what she needed . they decided to spend the day at organization organization . there were meerkats , with their soft fur and curious personalities . [female] 's favorite were the graceful pink flamingos . the storks were decidedly the funniest of the animals at the zoo !
the student was really happy about the road trip she was taking with a fellow classmate , and she enjoyed taking photos of the freeway they were traveling on . when the classmates pulled up to a toll booth , they both fumbled in their wallets for dollar bills to pay the toll . when the classmates came upon a bridge that they both remembered from childhood , one of them snapped a quick picture of he bridge for posterity . neither of the students had seen snow before , and were really happy to find it snowing during their trip . as soon as they came upon a rest stop , they stopped the car and got out to walk around and marvel at the snow .
the castle had lights and a skull picture . there was a big ferris wheel with lights around and a spinning ride .
we were so excited to be at the amusement park . the train was calling her name . it was her first time riding it by herself . we ca n't tell if she is having fun or now . it looks like she is having fun after all !
a pretty lady is the first person on the red carpet . two rappers are the next in line to be photographed . another pretty lady poses for the camera . a handsome foursome stops for the photographers . [male] cordon shows off the award he won at the ceremony .
today , we spent the day on the water . as we sailed by the buildings , we started to get excited . this castle was beautiful seeing it from the water . it was even better up close , though . when we got near the waterfall , we had to start fending off stray droplets .
[female] wanted to have her birthday party someplace fun , so her parents chose chuckie cheese ! [female] invited all of her friends from school . there were lots of fun activities to do , including dancing to music . chuckie himself even came to the party to give [female] a special present . [female] really enjoyed her birthday party !
i had a great time yesterday . i read a book . i got to hang out with my family . i also got a lot of new toys . it was a good day .
[male] woke up at 4:45 this morning . he was so tired , so he made some coffee . once he felt more awake , he got dressed for work , put on his dressy work shoes , and headed out the door . he went to work and had a productive day , probably because the coffee gave him the kick that he needed .
the waves were calm today which made it a great day for a surf lesson . the boys laid on their surfboards and learned how to row out to sea and then they got in the water and tried it out . a rainbow started to form above the water as the boys swam out to catch some waves . when they came back in , they were so excited that they had actually surfed !
[male] was on a sightseeing tour for the first time . location is a place full of history . she loved taking pictures of the fountains . some of the sculptures also caught her eye . the architecture was fantastic . she had a wonderful time during her trip .
the family was off to enjoy a day at the parke . the adult and child clapped hands in the part the adult and boy gave high fives to each other . the older man was teaching the younger girl how to dance . both the children danced together of what they were taught .
we took photos of us as a couple at the local library. , this monument was a perfect place to take photos around sunset . do n't we look amazing ? [male] looked great in his black cardigan . this was the best photo of the evening . my glasses look a little out of place though . i just could n't help but take photos of these amazing flowers .
people gathered under the umbrellas with food and coolers . a few men participated in the sports challenge game . a camera man was filming a family under the organization fios tent . two guys played a guitar game under the tent . the girl got her face painted by a clown .
the hollywood sign could be seen from miles away . we got a view of the entire city . the only things you could see in the horizon were buildings . the streets were empty . we went to dinner and a walk at location location location location .
my frat brothers came to visit this week . i had some serious flashbacks to college binge drinking . we always did know how to get the girls . my office was the only room that did n't get trashed . i sure had a good time seeing all the guys , but i 'm glad things are back to normal !
the sky was an interesting shade of blue . we could make out the silhouette of a tree . we looked at some more trees . we tried to find an animal but could n't . it got too dark for us to see anything .
bubbles are seen at the bottom of the glass . the tea pot is dark brown and light brown . the tea pot and glass with bubbles are next to each other . the glass cracks . the glass shatters and lays on the table .
we hung out with some friends . the king and queen of the event were very happy . there was some silliness . there was also food . and of course , there was beer .
first stop at the car show ... organization ! the red car really caught my eye , so shiny i had to see it up close . just as i thought , the inside was sleek ! the smart cars had all the best features , in a small package . after an amazing evening of seeing all the cars , it was time for drinks !
i had a lot of work to do in my backyard . there was a lot of grass growing that needed to be cut . i also needed to replace the entire fence . some of the steps were crumbling . it was dangerous work .
even the entrance to the pier was cool . the rides looked very fun . this bench was much needed after a long day ! the sign was retro and fun . the pictures were cute and enticing .
this was [female] 's first time getting on the rides at the carnival . she was so excited . i tried to get her to get on the ferris wheel , but she said that it was too high and maybe next time she will . the bumper cars are definitely my favorite amusement at the carnival . i ca n't seem to escape spongebob and [male] anywhere . they 're everywhere ! there were even gift shops at the carnival . i do n't know who would be looking for a quilt in this hot weather though .
[male] is going for a bike ride in the mountains . [male] getting big air on his bike in the mountains . [male] is really having the time of his life on this bike ride . [male] heads back down the trail to get to his house . [male] does one more big jump to get back to his home .
we where all ready for carnival this year . we got all dressed up , and went out to the street . we saw so many different things pass us buy . after the parade we went to our ball . out side of our ball was our float . it was a great evening .
i visited a theme park this summer . they had some smaller thrill rides . they also had some carnival games . the park was in a large city with many big buildings . it was also near a rather crowded beach .
the storefront had displays in a cube shelf with a bench along side it . as they walked up the stairs they could see banners outside the windows . once upstairs they were welcomed by a large informative poster . they were able to watch some of the artists at work . when they reached the top floor , they could look down on the patio where many of the artists would spend their breaks .
many bikers enjoyed parking their bikes to go to the beach . before they would head out they made sure they had a hotel to put their stuff in . once they were back at the beach they checked out all the nearby beach houses . heading over to the beach they would see all kinds of people walking even cowboys . the best part of the beach was walking on the old bridge that was made of broken up cement .
we had to go visit the gay capitol of the world after gar marriage was legalized . our trip was truly amazing , the city streets were just as steep as we thought they were . our friends got married as soon as they got there . we got the chance to take a look at the scenery around location location with views of the golden gate . we finished our day with a lovely walk through golden gate park .
friend spending time together . the view from the apartment . the show has started . fireworks going up the sky . the grand finale .
many buildings in location were established in the early 1800 's . some of the buildings still have their original door numbers . owners often put designs in their doors . this building was renovated with new paint . it 's still in the process of renovation and construction .
[female] and her boyfriend went to a tropical island for their vacation . the trees had big red fruit on them , some houses had signs out front . the homes were painted in bright cheery colors and very tidy . after their fun bike tour [female] and her boyfriend had a great lunch in an beachside cafe . then they had a hammock siesta with a friendly cat . island living is the best .
she was happy to meet with her friend . her other friend was happy to meet with her . they both had a great time . she enjoyed an evening out with friends and family . her graduation party was a great success .
i was very nervous yesterday during my tennis game . many people had shown up in the audience to watch the match . i tried to do my best even though i was a bit shy . i ended up injuring myself during the match and we had to stop . the match was cancelled due to my injury and was rescheduled . everybody had to go home .
i went on trip to the country ! i took my grandma with me ! there we saw all sorts or animals including pigs . after a long day in the country , we decided to visit the shops and pub in the village . we decided to end the day with a drink at the village pub .
today we went back to our roots . the first church in history . the chapel was beautiful and ready to be filled with people . this is the actualy place where jesus preached . he also had his hand in making this beautiful pane . we ended the day rehearsing with the choir .
the circus came to town last week . they had a parade . the parade had many beautiful floats . the floats were decorated with flowers . by the end of the parade many of the flowers fell off the floats .
the fair was finally in town ! and , the llama returned to much chagrin . they brought the large ferris wheel and we enjoyed the ride ... however , the cloud was incredibly weird . so , we left and rode the swings and called it a night .
my car is going to take [female] and i on a great adventure . we ca n't resist taking a selfie against the ocean . the dirt road led us down to the pier . i chose a restaurant that happened to be underground . [female] ordered an incredible dessert before we left .
my hunny and i decided to spend a day picture taking . [male] told such a great joke . it had me in stitches . the arch at our local city hall was perfect on this bright day . my hunny and i look so great together . i ca n't wait to spend the rest of my life with him . this gate was so hard to pull apart , but the reward was way worth it .
the students write down why they think reading is important . a pile of books that the librarian will go over . the students watch a quick video about the importance of reading . suzy holds up the cat from `` the cat and the hat '' . the students interact with another class about what they learned about reading .
this firework is original in that the different colored lights snake out from the center . when several fireworks go off at the same time , it 's hard to appreciate the beauty of each one . sometimes the fireworks can be so brilliant they almost resemble the sun . after the show , we decided to set off the small personal fireworks we purchased . unfortunately , this firework was a dud and did n't produce anything too spectacular .
on friday evening , we visited location location , and our first stop was the organization organization . after leaving the memorial , we saw a beautiful view of the location monument . our friends , buck and [female] , brought their motorcycle as it was a beautiful evening . before the sun fully set , we were gathered on the lawn , anxiously awaiting a rally by a presidential hopeful . there was a great crowd for the rally . the setting was perfect , as the location building was right behind us .
it was [male] first trip on a boat with his aunts , uncles and grandparents . they dressed him up like a little captain to the joy of his relatives . after a while , [male] got grumpy and slightly sea sick . aunty [male] tried to make him feel better but it did n't work . grandma [female] decided that swimming with him in 30 degree water would make him happier .
the couple was ready to start their hike for the day . they saw a beautiful butterfly as they began . it was a little tough getting around the downed tree , but the couple found a way . the couple saw another tree that had fallen and were very concerned . when the couple finally came upon a tree that blocked the path , they unfortunately had to turn back and end their hike .
it is christmas time again and as you can see my beautiful daughter has been busy decorating the tree . here is my little family all together for a group family christmas photograph to put in our album . i always take a picture of my beautiful wife and two wonderful daughters during the christmas season . it looks like i was good this year because location seems to have left me something under the tree and i always love my gifts no matter what they are . my daughters are getting into action unwrapping what we gave them for christmas and i sure hope i did good with my gift selection because i want to see some big smiles .
the city had several famous districts . there was a street that was very popular . the center of government was popular with tourists . visitors lined up outside to get a better glimpse . other historical monuments were just minutes away .
they are experience with cokes and mentor . and watching fireworks at a distance . what a beautiful show . then they watched a movie together . and went back outside at midnight .
a rainbow had formed over the vast city . they came upon a temple with a fountain out in front . there was an odd sign pointing in different directions . following one of the signs led them up a cobble stone path to a large building . they discovered the building had massive front doors .
people get together for a bbq . they all hang out on patio until dark . at dark they go inside and relax . after some time inside the decide to go hang out some more outside . while outside one of the people lights some fireworks .
[male] and [female] were newlyweds on their honeymoon . [male] was happy to see the beautiful scenery . [female] liked discovering hidden areas . they found a secluded beach but the waves were to violent . so they went to somewhere more mainstream and enjoyed the peacefulness of the island .
there was a demonstration in the town . the police were there to keep order . most people were demonstrating peacefully . but a few were taken into custody because of unruly behavior . the demonstration continued despite the arrests .
the sign was helpful and fun , letting us know where the `` northpole began . '' the trees were beautiful and large , stretching toward the sky . the presents themselves were all beautifully arranged . i really wanted the organization organization snow globe for myself . i wanted to be sure our last message of the day was a positive one .
it is always a great time at summer camp . so many different activities . from playing lawn chess ... to water games in the lake . being able to see the horses up close was neat . we ended each day with an ice cream treat !
the fireworks show was outstanding . there were many different colored explosions . the sky lit up so much . there were many fantastic firework effects . the ending consisted of red , green , and orange fireworks .
they were near a waterfall when they saw religious people looking on . she did not know what to say about the amount of people .
my name is [male] and i am the king of this house . i can lay wherever i want . this is my queen , [female] . she is so beautiful ! i love it when my people share their food with me . i am afraid of fireworks ; i hide from them under the bed !
i was happy to finally arrive in location for business plus vacation . i found japanese traditional houses very unique . i rented a car from the airport and drove to my hotel . the hotel room was tiny but it had everything that i needed . at the end of my trip , i went to visit a japanese family . they were my college friend 's relatives . it was fun to be able to meet a traditional japanese family .
i went on a trip . to location location . i saw lots of neat buildings . and open spaces . like this cool park .
i took the hike out to the castle last week . the woods were very lonely . afterward i headed back to the city . i went by the pier to sight see . the bridge from here looked really big .
we were ready and prepared to participate in the dog sledding race . all the dogs were ready as well , they were excited to get going . as they took off , you could feel the excitement in the air . number 50 waves to the fans as the sled passes by . these dogs work hard , but they are very much rewarded for their efforts and hard work .
the grandma was so happy to finally meet her first grandson . all the grandchildren were there for the special occasion ! they really loved each other . grandma just could n't get enough of the grandchildren . everybody seemed to forget the reason they were all there was to celebrate the grandpas birthday .
i could tell the age of the building just by looking . i could n't believe i was in front of a pyramid . but it seemed like i had to climb a lot to get anywhere . the fruits and things they had growing surprised me . i hope i 'll get to see more places with just as much history .
we began the grey day at the crack of dawn by attending church . after a long , cold day of family celebrations the sun was setting and night began to fall . heading downtown i began to feel excitement when the big cities lights began to light up the area . we had a fantastic time sharing drinks with friends in a crowded bar . the night ended with take out food and cigarettes being scattered throughout the living room after a night of drinks .
i had a great christmas this year . mom and location made sure i woke up to what seemed to me , the most perfect tree ! as i came running down the stairs i could see my stocking had fallen from it 's spot i had taped it to on our fake mantle and gotten filled with many special goodies . almost all of the toys i had on my list now lie underneath our stupendous tree . my dog buster did not seem to care and was quite bored by the whole scene . so , what else could i do but put him to work and have him give me office chair rides on the patio ice ? now how to get him to agree and not have to drop my hockey stick is another thing altogether .
today we visited the botanical garden . the building is quite and the entrance is surprisingly ordered and formal in its presentation . these yellow flowers remind me of some in my grandmother 's yard . winter red-hot-poker is pictured here . what a neat name for a plant with such interesting blooms . i especially liked these miniature trees . they look like they were pulled straight out of a forest . we visited the botanical garden at just the right time to see all of these lovely blooms . the greenery and color was very pleasing today .
the family has gathered around the dinner table to share a meal together . they all pitched in to help cook the seafood to perfection . afterwards they took the family dog to the beach to get some exercise . the waves were cool and refreshing ! the dog had so much fun in the water . one family member decided to get a better view of the waves !
riding bikes next to the ocean was how [female] stayed in shape . the view was amazing so it helped to clear her mind . the sound of the waves crashing against the sand kept her focused on peddling . [female] stopped for a bit at her 1 mile point . when she would reach the beach house 5 miles away from her apartment she would turn around and go home .
this is the bike path i rode down to get to my campsite . i arrived at my site and just took a moment to enjoy the quiet . tent set up , making myself at home . it is time for an early dinner . thought i would share some of my dinner with the ducks. & # 13 ;
the little boy poses by the fence in his halloween costume . he joins all the other kids in a parade down the street . his little brother watches very interested in what is going on . the little boy and his dad go for a ride in the bumper cars . finally he spends some relaxed time with his mom .
this is the new bird feeder we had installed in our backyard . here is one of my friends hanging out . this is some of my extended family chilling in the backyard . here they are enjoying a family meal sitting down and eating dinner . this is the hammock in the backyard . there 's someone laying in it .
we went to an outing downtown of fellow cycling enthusiasts . people came from the surrounding area to show off their bikes and talk about cycling . as everyone sat around , talking about their bikes , people came to the conclusion that we should all take a midnight bike ride . some people decided not to take part in it and went home instead . but for the most part , people decided to take a one hour bike ride around the city . it was a lot of fun .
i could n't really tell if [male] was ready for the outdoors or not . they were certainly ready for him , the flowers being out in full bloom ! the dock to the lack held up better than i expected . there were even ducks occupying the water . [female] enjoyed herself , embarrassing nature to the fullest .
it looks so far down when viewing from the top side of a mountain the view of the city is so different when looking from above the trees seem more welcoming when you look down into them well almost all of the trees look welcomings it'a nice to take a different view of things every once in a while
this is a few pictures from my trip to location . this is the road i entered on . a large town square full of ornate statues and really neat buildings . i found some really neat rooftops and mountainside . it 's so cold here . after driving around for about an hour we found this really neat spot . the road is angled so high . we drove clear to the top . when we got to the top we saw this beautiful picturesque view of location . it was breathtaking !
[male] has arrived in location ! he is ready to tour the city . the night is young ! [male] and a bunch of friends discuss what has been happening in their lives since they last saw each other . here is the cake to celebrate the group getting together tonight . the candle was just for fun ! the night time scene of nyc is pretty awesome . the light did not come out good in this photo . here is a better photo . this is organization organization . seeing the lights and water makes me happy .
i was nervous to fly for the first time . however , once we embarked , the view was amazing . it did make me nervous seeing the propeller 's move . and , the wing out my window . but , i survived , and i would gladly fly again !
we were not sure what to expect when we entered the foreign land , but this castle looking structure was awesome . we stopped in at a coffee bar to have a drink . i caught a bird just hanging out on a power line during the day . the view that we got after leaving the bar was breathtaking to view . we got to see an african elephant walking around the streets as well .
i had a great birthday party . i learned a lot today . there were a lot of different kinds of food there . after that we went to the club . we had a great time .
we toured the factory today . they had ceramic cat statues . a concrete teddy bear statue was unique . the entrance had gets structure . they go through a process to make all the items in the factory .
this is a picture of the cloudy sky . this is a picture of pink flowers . this is a picture of the shore . this is a picture of the beach . this is a picture of a light pink flower .
one of my favorite eateries from vacation this year was boudin . this bakery is found in many locations in the location . sculpted bread is a favorite , especially with our kids ! look at the cute turtle . the breads are made from sourdough , hearth breads , and other specialties and the prices are reasonable . we even had the opportunity to watch the bakers in action . if you visit a town with a organization organization organization organization , be sure to stop in !
[male] was speaking to the people . they were ready for change . the city needed to change or it would die . they knew how important this was , because they loved the city . after his speech , his people greeted him .
today , the whole family is going to go kayaking at the lake . here we are getting instructions from the guide . they had us wear these water shoes . there goes some of the group , having fun . mom and dad really got the hang of this super fast !
we went to check out an old graveyard . there was moss growing on everything . we saw a really old stone wall . we saw some old stairs that looked like they took a lot of work to make . then we saw a huge grave marker that must have been really expensive back in the day .
we went for a night walk in the park today . everything was really nice lit up by lights . the park was empty and i was able to get many nice pictures . a fog started forming and it started to snow . the snow covered banks make a good subject for pictures .
our christmas tree ... .a little like the [male] brown tree . location knows every little boy loves fire trucks . do n't know why , but sparky does n't seem quite as excited as the rest of us . all the stockings were stuffed to the brim . outside we prepared for our annual chair hockey event .
the family has not seen each other in some time . they are visiting a relative in the hospital . they pose for pictures because they do not know when they will see each other . they also find a playground to entertain the young girl . she especially loves the slide .
the little boy shows his sisters how to do a cannon ball . she looks on excitedly . she tells her grand-pa that she wants to jump from the diving board too . dad says that she and her sister need to practice swimming before they can jump into the deep end . she really enjoyed her day in the pool , swimming with her family .
there was a pool party at a friend 's house . lots of people came to party . they grabbed a later to get some fruit . some of the guys brought stuff to stay the night . `` please just let me clean my teeth ! ''
a day at the beach , a man and his 3 friends . the waffles got a little burnt , in the new waffle pan . the man skipped stones into the lake . the sign said closed for ecological recovery . wading in the water looking for crawdads .
red sky at night sailors delight . it was a beautiful morning . it was a great night for a organization wheel ride . be careful near the water . the tiger cooled off in the water .
my sister dared me to go to a cat show . some of the cats were interesting looking , and very elegant . we saw a man holding a fluffy white cat and they had the same facial expression . one cat had a very angular , creepy looking face . a very basic orange and white cat won a lot of ribbons . i did n't understand any of it .
this woman is a triple threat . she can sing . she can tell a joke . she can be very flirty . the audience clapped long and hard . they loved her performance .
the sea stretched before us in an endless ocean of blue . in the evening , the sun began to set in the west over the water . rock climbing was an interesting experience . i was afraid to fall , but took a chance and waved . the water is so blue , it almost looks like ice .
as we approach the city , we got to see what a beautiful skyline it has . the city was very active . we spotter two kids having lots of fun a cart of some sort . headed downtown it was very crowded . everyone wanted to see the firework show . the fireworks were worth the wait . they were magnificent . as we were leaving that night , we got one more glance at the beautiful skyline at night .
visiting location museum in location location . the outdoor area and garden . potential wedding venue for a spring bride . the outdoor pool is underground . viscaya outdoor boat right outside the patio .
we took a road trip up north on a cloudy day . then we had to stop and pay the tolls . we passed by many open fields . it began to snow outside . after that we stopped at one of the parks to see the snow .
i went back to my hometown over the weekend and saw my old house . the fence i had painted many years ago was still painted like that . the lamp in the window always looked odd to me as a child . we stopped off at the birthplace of rock n roll while i was there . this is the most interesting building in the entire town . it took them five years to build .
everyone was having fun at the family reunion . one irritating thing : father kept bothering everyone about the fireworks he was going to set off . he 'd corner some poor soul and talk about where he got them , how much he paid , how wonderful they would be . when night came , we all prepared ourselves for the big show . it was entertaining , i 'll admit , watching dad holding the sputtering duds in his hands .
we set up our beach chairs in the sand . the boats took off giving tours around the water . he walked slowly observing the sand . there were so many beach-goers this year . most of us relaxed in the sun getting a tan .
the seaside town we stopped in was very quaint and we enjoyed it despite the overcast weather . this beach we saw while overlooking from a cliff looks so peaceful . we found this amazing rock formation along the cliffs near the city . the city had many large walkways that we enjoyed . this bulls-eye was located in one of the parks we encountered during our walk .
we heard that a local group would be performing that night at the restaurant . i did n't recognize anyone in the act , but i did like the music as they began . the lead was very gifted on various stringed instruments . everyone in the group played a different stringed instrument in all the songs . they really got into the performance and i was extremely impressed that night .
during a cloudy day we all took a trip to the beach . all our friends posed for a few photos and drank some beers . we threw the football around for a while and john posed with his new sword .
this man is having a nice time on the beach . then off to see a cool band playing in a nice club . a game of pool is always fun no matter who`s playing . this is a nice attractive woman to talk to , and play with . a quick selfie in the bathroom is always a thing to do .
the band arrived onto the stage and the crowed screamed . to get the crowed even more hyped up the shined spot lights across thepeople . the band was very loud and had every one jumping . they filmed the whole event for every one to see . the group mellowed out to some slow music .
we gathered at the state park for the annual fireworks show . it started with a bang ! literally . the show was breathtaking . the kids loved every minute . is that a heart in there ? i think it was supposed to be . all the oohs and aahs finally came to an end . the kids wanted more !
as the sun fades the plain arches start to change . first we see a small splash of blue . then it spreads into a pool . it is soon joined by a beautiful pink . it ends with a beautiful fuchsia ! my senses are filled .
elephants are probably my favorite animal when we visit niabi zoo . the giraffes are fun to feed . their long tongues are blue and icky looking ! the pink flamingos are much more beautiful than their plastic counterparts . the way they stand on one leg makes me laugh . the penguins keep coming right up to the glass of their enclosure . it 's as if they want you to take them hom . my granddaughter 's favorite part is feeding the lorikeets from her hand .
it 's hike with your kid day . glad to see alot of people showed up . what beautiful rocks . love this . met some nice people along the way . they took this picture of us . these are our new friends . here we are , saying goodbye til next year .
my birthday was a lot of fun this year . i got my own cake and everything . i blew out my candles and made a wish . after , i played my guitar for everyone there . they were requesting songs and i would try to make them my own . everyone cheered me on as i performed .
we were headed to work and had to wait on the train . when it arrived , we had to wait on people to get off of it . after everyone got off , we were able to get on . as we was leaving , we noticed in that area it was covered in snow . just down the tracks a bit , the snow had melted already .
we got to the party and had no idea what was going on . we where out on a boat with some people . we drank and partied . it got wild real fast . we kept going all night never stopping .
the two men sat in the office preparing for the interview . the house was spacious with grand glass windows . the bathroom was new and sleek . the inside of the living room was open and spacey . the pool outside was wide and wet .
we finally arrived at the hotel ! as soon as we could , we headed for the beach ! time flew , it was already time for dinner ! we saw the sunset and admired the view . woke up to another day filled with fun !
a group of family friends gathered for a picnic . everyone present grabbed a comfy spot on the blankets to start eating. , some of the kids became restless as they waited to go to the amusement park afterward . one kid became so cranky that he started to cry before his mother picked him up . his tears all dried when they found themselves at the amusement park !
we took a trip to the location location . we came across all kinds of statues . then we found kids out playing . we also got to see really old buildings . after that we got to see some desert flowers .
as a golden goat lays on top of platform [male] carries his cross while others look . [male] is on the cross and others are crying . when [male] is off the cross a women looks at him in sarrow . [male] now rests peacefully .
spending time with friends is really great . i enjoy having a nice meal with friends , so i eat out with them often . last night , i was in the mood for some sushi rolls , so we went to a japanese restaurant . my husband and his brother looked at me in shock , because they know i do n't even like seafood . their expressions was all the motivation i needed to go through with it , even though i honestly was having second doubts at that point !
in this city , there is a big contrast between the old and new buildings . older office buildings and warehouses tended to be made of brick , and their windows were small . the newer skyscrapers use a lot of glass and steel , and it 's interesting to see the reflections of older buildings in their windows . construction is going on all over the city . in a few years , the skyline will look very different . this new building towers over its older neighbors -- there 's a great view from the upper floors !
we gathered for the parade and had a wonderful time . here i am throwing my hands up to my friends that somehow found me among the big crowed . wow ! never heard this type of music before . the dancers were phenomenal . the karate kids were something out of a movie . definitely do n't want to mess with these guys .
we met with some old friends at the dinner . we had much to eat and drink together . the main course was really tasty . [male] and his friend had a great time together . they talked about their lives in high school together .
the cat always waited for her to come home . it would wait by the window for her everyday . she loved her cat like a child . the cat loved her unconditionally also . they spent a lot of their time together .
today i got high on crack and stumbled into the side of this building . i walked across the street and went into this building but they threw me back out . i walked down the street and tried to hitch a ride with a nun in a white car but she screamed and took off . i walked past the villa apartments and finally found my house . i crawled through the front hole and went into my crawlspace to take a nap for awhile .
we had parents day at the kids school today . everyone had a great time . all the kids showed off and played games . we had arts and crafts . even the some of the parents got creative .
before the event started , a man waved the american flag . the next vehicle to approach was very old in nature . the women approached in their gowns . some of the young women had tiaras and smiles . one woman won the crown and the title at the end of the event .
christmas is a special time of year . decorations go up . people spread christmas wishes . the angel on the tree watches over the household . while the family sleeps on christmas eve .
[female] went to the city yesterday . she went up onto a tall building and looked out . from there , she could look down on the city . she could even look across to other buildings . when night fell , she could see all the lights of the city for miles .
they arrived at the old building early in the morning . the van was left parked outside . the structure was in a state of disrepair . it was so rundown that they felt uncomfortable walking under anything . parts of the roof had already caved in .
watching the group we could n't have been more proud . the flag waved beautifully as they stood . they were so orderly . the greeting was special . she gave a great speech .
i bought an old house in the city , and went to look it over this weekend . the building was in good shape , but there were a lot of signs of needed security components . the building was surrounded by a wall with barbed wire on top . the wire was razor sharp , and was of the new type of wire . this wire could keep anyone from getting in or out .
here is the cake for his 30th birthday party . the candles are lit . time to finish lighting the candles . he is blowing out the candles . time to go outside and play with the kids .
there are many sacred places left from thousands of years ago all over the earth . many of these sacred places are very unusually shaped and have a strange look . some of these sacred places from our past appear to similar to tomb stones or monuments of more previous years . some of the sacred sites are more modern in that they show signs of skilled labor like block laying and the mixing of concrete . they also may have been painted . at many of these sights artifacts have been found which contain writing and are made of silver and gold . this appears to be more modern .
the horse race was a few minutes away from starting . each contestant was carrying their horses to the starting line . the horses had distinctive qualities , from the color of their hair to their size and strength . before the race started , i made a $ 200 bet with several of my friends that the horse with the # 7 tag will win .
everyone came to help clean up the swamp . even jethro , the most bitter participant of them all , helped out . it was a good chance to catch up with family . everyone ate hot dogs . they all worked together and had a good time .
people have gathered around the court yard for the protest . the protest is quiet in this area but here is some painting on a building . this gentlemen is cleaning the area afterwards . this other group of people are taking away some of the garbage . people are beginning to disperse , and the protest is looking to be over .
it was fascinating just to watch the ocean . the tide came in . and later , we watched the tide go out again . it was so sunny that we did n't notice , at first , how chilly it was ! after a while we headed back to the beach house to warm up . that afternoon we played pool with [male] and [female] -- they 're great !
people showed their support to location by really getting into the spirit . some people wore clothes that rooted them on . other people wore wigs to show their support . the town as a whole supported by literally coloring the river green . the enthusiasm was all around the city that day .
the garden had been abandoned since she left . the old fence needed repairs . vines climbed everywhere . she leaned against the building and wondered how she would ever get it back like it once was . she vowed to never leave for that long again .
christmas morning in the johnson household was always a madhouse . [male] johnson would put on the latest weird hat his wife had gotten him . every present got photographed , even underwear . the kids ripped open presents like maniacs . the dog [male] would get into it all , running around and barking . the only thing that would calm the kids in time was the latest new video game .
the family went out for a walk in the snow . [male] found a stick that he liked to play with . he had fun climbing in a tree . the family even got to feed a bird ! after a while [male] got tired and rode on his dad 's back .
i went on a trip to location with a lot of college friends . i loved seeing the classic old buildings . on a walk at night , i was overcome by the spooky beauty of the organization organization in the distance . the bright lights of the strip contrasted with the old parts of the city . we all gathered at a pub for a toast to old times and new memories . then we had a typical english food buffet . i must admit food was n't the best part of the trip !
on sunday morning , we head to the shores for a nice relaxing day . i liked the fact that it was deserted on this beautiful sunday morning . we stopped by for refreshments and admire the beautiful scenery . as we were walking down , i noticed these beautiful seagulls , without them , it would n't feel at the shore when dinner approached , we decided to try this city island dinner with fresh seafood .
i went to an island with my wife , and first thing we did was watch hawks . then we went to the beach to enjoy the view . when we got tired , we relaxed together . we even found some crabs that we put in a tub . we ended the night by watching gorgeous fireworks .
[male] and his wife were having a great time that night at the restaurant . [male] 's wife phoned their daughter and son-in-law , and also one of [male] 's friends , to come eat and drink with them . the family enjoyed the food and the drinks , but the family weas careful not to drink too much . [male] 's friend , however , did n't care how much he drank . [male] and his wife had their photo taken with the restaurant hostess , a lovely lady who had worked there for seven years . [male] did n't drink too much that evening , but his friend drank so much that he did n't remember what happened later that night . [male] 's friend woke up the next morning with a terrible hangover , and never remembered how he got that tattoo on his back .
thousands of people gather every year to celebrate st. patrick 's day . many colorful props can be found in the street . in addition , many people dress up in funny outfits to celebrate this day . there was also a group of policemen in horses to control the crowd . the celebration ended with people playing the national anthem of location .
i love the fair . so many guys in skirts . see , there 's a bunch of them . and some even wear cowboy hats . why , i do not know .
this is a cemetery that we visited a few weeks ago . this grave looked like it had been there for many years . this was my grandmother 's grave from a few years ago . this was a neighbor 's grave that we visited while we were there . this was a very old grave that we saw as we were leaving .
we decided to go to the international building . there were plants inside the building . it really stands out in the skyline with it 's architecture . many people were out that day in this section of town . as we leave we can see the flags from all around the world .
the street was crowded with people . we walked in a bright strip . fireworks began to erupt nearby . many men and women joined in . fireworks in the city was a marvelous sight .
i went for a walk on halloween . there were tons of people outside dressed up for the day . they had put a lot of effort into their costumes . they were very happy . i met a lot of new and interesting people .
[female] was a bit shy about speaking to the group . we all gathered to discuss the propsal . we then anxiously awaited the speakers . the podium was empty for quite a few minutes . when [male] began his speech he was brimming with pride .
this is annual dutch fan completion ceremony . this fan currently stands at 20 feet tall . this is the mechanism what makes it turn . upclose and personal mechamism , so wonderfully crafted . if you would like to see on the computer here is the website .
we were almost at the city . our boat docked next to the city . a few minutes later we were in the city . a red tree clocked our view . i gave up and decided just to enjoy the tree .
making our way to the parade . he was very excited to see all the colorfully dressed people . as the float went past , festive music sounded through the air the float of [male] 's ark was especially well done the acrobatic cycle team took our breath away
out on their first easter egg hunt ! then all the kids shared what the others got in their easter egg hunt . the kids continued on with their fun activities . even a magical story being told in front of a crowd . lastly a group picture with the easter bunny !
we decided to visit location location in location . when we first arrived , we walked through the town and saw how people used to live . we also spent some time walking through several of the beautiful gardens . there was a very old ship that was docked in the harbor and we got to take a guided tour of it . it was amazing to see everything that was on display throughout the town . it was a great day learning about the history of organization organization .
registration for the race was finished . the racers jumped in the water . they emerged on the other shore . next , they grabbed their bikes and pedaled for miles . at the next point the ran the rest of the way to the finish .
looking outside all [female] could see was snow . there was snow on the bird house . there was snow covering the barn . with all that snow there was only one thing to do . [female] built a snowwoman as big as her .
this is a picture of a couple . this is a picture of a man . this is a picture of a wooden contraption . this is a picture of the water . this is a picture of the ocean .
the compound had many defenses against intruders . the windows had outside bar grids . no one could get in or out of the windows . barbed wire was rolled and lined the top of the cement block wall that surrounded the compound . what was the compound keeping out ? or was it keeping something inside ? questions would be asked . no answers were ever received . the sharp blades on the wire only intensified the defensive nature of the compound .
these boys tried to test their cooking prowess . excited to be living on their own , they assumed they would have no problem making grown up food . they started throwing ingredients in a pan and hoped for the best . they were proud of their creation . so proud . then they probably ordered pizza .
we went to see the circus performance in town this week . they had many people in crazy outfits . and interesting places to eat . these guys drew the most attention due to their crazy stunts . my favorite were the people dressed in old outfits , they look like they came right from the 1800s .
[male] [male] looks on as his dad and brother get ready to ride the truck . the firefighters say stop and pause for the star spangled banner before the parade . the firefighters and their children ride the truck for the parade . [female] and [male] watch and wave to [male] on the truck . the firefighters pose for a shot after the parade .
the photographers from the office all got together for a little get together after work . we had some drinks , and had some fun . we played some drinking games and had a blast ! we dared [male] to but a bow on his head and post a picture on organization . [female] had too much to drink and had a nap on the chair .
the final out for our side on the ninth inning . tie ball game . this is n't good . here comes the pitch ... a swing and a miss ! struck out ! with a time game , we head into the bottom of the ninth . their first time up , our pitcher throws and ... . a line drive ! not an auspicious start to the inning .
an artist living in this house . she sells various heart shaped pillows at a local arts market . this heart shaped pin pillow and potpourri container are to be given to a friend . she also sells various artistic necklaces . these are labels to place item description and price of the item .
the church grounds were very well kept . the staff had hired a groundskeeper , who water the flowers and sprayed pesticides so the bugs did n't destroy them . the groundskeeper did a good job making sure the church stayed in tip top condition .
they were so happy for this day . they raced to find the eggs . all the kids gathered around . many games were played . a group photo with the bunny .
looking at the island from a distance stirred excitement . we toured the old buildings once we got there . these building have been here for hundreds of years the tombs were even older . so much to see on th islands .
friends decorated and got together to see a display at an art gallery . people walked along to see the paintings . some of the paintings were very colorful . afterwards there were refreshments including some artistic cupcakes . the friends ate , drank , and talked about the paintings they had seen .
got together with my old friends today . we had a great time and socialized a lot . we drank together for a little bit . we had a lot to catch up on and had a great time talking . my old friend [female] really knows how to drink , haha .
the child was having so much fun on the carousel . his mother came to support her son , but he was distracted by a onlooker nearby . hidden in the shed a goat spied on the child and made him uneasy . startled by the goat the grandmother decided to take the child far away from the scary looking goat . the mother and her son began to have more fun . so long as they stay away from the goat .
late night bike rides can be fun . here we are riding to location . look at all the lights . i took this picture because it 's neat to see . let 's go , on our way back home so soon . rounding everyone up to go home . almost hit that guy .
it was time to party . they found a huge beach ball to have at the party . a good time was had by all . the boys messed around with each other . the girls took many pictures .
the tuba players lead the march for the big parade , the grand marshal has the honor of riding in this beautiful sports car . the fire engines show off their lights and sirens for the parade . even the antique fire engine proudly participates in the activities for the day . the firemen are ready to pass out candy for the onlookers of today 's parade .
we all meet up after work for a night out on the town . the first thing on the agenda was to have some appetizers . after crushing the appetizers , our delicious entres were served along with some great adult beverages . everyone became very friendly after our third shot of tequila . we ended the with some cold beers and some random guy performing his card tricks .
starting the fire work show . setting up and taking pictures of the show . there were fireworks debris on the floor everywhere . the show started above our head . at the end there were smoke and everyone went home .
our first day of vacation . we did n't waste time hitting the beach . we enjoyed a night on the town playing pool . here is the pool shark in action . another shot of him dominating the game . i escaped for a second to take a bathroom selfie !
this year the christmas gathering was at my brother 's home . my sister-in-law loves kids and is opening a small daycare after the holidays . my parent 's are easy to shop for . they love to read and refuse to use digital books . my brother drove us to see the daycare center they are setting up . the daycare is n't even open yet and she already has a waiting list !
the fans were celebrating the lakers big win . a rowdy crowd had formed . some people brought signs . others dressed in odd , laker themed outfits . a few brave fans climbed on top of street lights to hang banners . the police quickly moved in to remove them .
the columns were very nice looking under the pretty sky . the castle was huge and was between trees there were pillars everywhere .
[male] was out at the parade . there were lots of characters around . people were around on floats . there were float after float . people were dancing all over the place .
today my family wanted to play outside , the organization was broken and the hose outside provided us with a cooling mist . my mom thought it was so cute when i ran around `` cooling '' everyone with the hose . my dad and my mom move the couch outside so granny could sit . she could n't stand for long but she played with me as best as she could . i love being outside . i especially love when my sis pushes the swing for me ! after a long day we drove granny back to her own home , she was n't able to drive due to her bad knee ...
we setup for our gig that evening . we had a sound test before the gig . our rhythm section was really on fire that night . me and our lead guitar player played really fun songs that the audience loved . at the end we pulled out an accordion for our last song .
perspective affects the mood of your photograph . this ferris wheel could be huge ; for perspective , bring more of the adjacent building into your photo . you could indicate motion on this escalator . with a close-up , even a small token appears large . the city looks like a model from the air .
the couple was happy to go out and see the historic sites as well as the nature nearby . they enjoyed seeing the sites in town together and posed in front of a monument . later in the evening , the women was a bit tired while posing for a picture . she enjoyed her company with the man and was looking forward to the evening . the environment and lush landscapes were beautiful that day .
for the summer i took a trip with my brother back to my hometown in location . on the day we arrived the city was busy and filled with many people . the vending machines were new and unique at the airport . they caught my attention because i had never seen them before . the nightlife in the city was amazing . i would love to spend the nights here every night if i could . taking the trip brought memories of my wonderful family . i will always love location and have a place for my home in my heart .
the son has a rake and is having a good time . grandma is waiting for the rest of the family . we all played the game and hoped for some change to fall . we hoped to win a prize at the arcade game . the fair was a lot of fun for the whole family .
the bridge to the island where we rented the house for vacation . this is the outside view of the house we rented for vacation . the view of the shore from the patio at the house . some really nice views just a ways from the house . there was a nice walking path just a few minutes from the house .
there is a television tucked in the corner beneath the flag . rule brittania ! cross stitch using old tennis racquets as canvas . interesting ! a crochet grill ! everything looks delicious , and very cute . how creative ! this is a really interesting collection of cards . trophies , cosmetics and sunglasses . that 's quite an assortment !
[male] drove into the city to eat at his favorite cafe . he arrived a little after lunch time was over . the cafe still had a few tables open , so he picked his favorite one . it looked over the sea , and the seagulls occasionally came to squawk at him . once his belly was full , [male] drove back out of the city that night .
lilian looked out on the beauty of the mountains . she experienced the most majestic view of the island . she and [male] spent the rest of the day surfing in the crystal clear ocean . dinner was the most delicious guava they had ever eaten . the next morning they rode out to the point on horseback . they looked across the bay to the next island . the perfect day ended with the most gorgeous sunset that nature ever produced .
we joked about hippies back in the day not having cell phones . we had to take a picture . hippies young and old showed up . this guys bubble blowing skills were great as well as colorful . the young lady spoke about the dangers of domestic abuse . they played blues music at the festival and this fellow was quite a hoot .
oh yeah , exclusive , just for us . i do n't think that 's how you where a tie , [male] . what are planning to do with that , [male] ? uh , [male] ? what are going to be doing ? [male] , are you cheating on your unicorn ?
grandmother celebrating her grandson first birthday . playing with his own cake . mother and grandmother playing with the kids . playing with his new toy . walking to his grandfather .
the little bridge that went over the road was pretty cool . just look at these beautiful flowers ! this is an awesome stash of christmas toys and stuff . look at all the little location location . this is one amazing christmas tree .
i 'm so excited to tell you my story , the story of deep impact ! ( i 'd like to note i was not the one to come up with the name for this program ) today we 've put together a meeting with other kids in the astronaut program . i get to share with them photos from my last trip to the moon . the craters were my favorite part to show them , i told them the biggest crater pictured housed an alien family who treated me to dinner . big mistake since i had to finish up the meeting with q & a 's , 99 % of the questions were about the blorts ( my alien family ) .
the couple took a trip to the ranch . the stopped by the petting zoo . they were able to touch several animals . they also enjoyed the flowers and plants . there was even an art exhibit .
this was our first trip here and this was quite a site . we marveled at the architecture on this bridge . the open markets were very lively and colorful . the state buildings were adorned with flags on the street . before we left , we saw these cute cars .
they celebrated at my nephew 's party . we also learned how to dance at the event . my aunt brought a lot of food to eat . my niece was happy that the family came . we admired her artwork after the party .
a big tower of a building is constructed in this city . another big building looms over the city . another building stands off in the distance . this building is rather new . another new building is being constructed . the new buildings should help the economy and generate a ton of new jobs . another building is being built . this city is becoming more and more modern .
one of the rides at the carnival by the pier . too high for my comfort . the organization wheel all lit up at night . an interesting shot out a window while we went down to the subway . the train station right before we boarded and headed home . hopping on the train to get back to the house .
a pop star arrived for her performance she sang songs for the crowd all night at one point her songs became very emotional the crowd enjoyed every second of the song she finished after that and concluded her set
we 're getting ready for the camping trip this weekend . posing for a group shot after an amazing afternoon in the sun . our cars are ready for the adventure . the camp director making yummy lunch for everyone . the gang all together after a great day hanging out .
working in robotics can make for an interesting job . to celebrate our one year of business , we had a cake with one candle , and a really cool dalek cake . someone even set up our donation bot that we are trying out with various charities . but the coolest thing was that we got to actually play with the draw bots . they were as much fun as i had hoped and i think they will be very successful .
i woke up at 4:45 am sharp today for the first time ever . i was so exhausted , im not a morning person . had to have 2 cups of coffee just to wake up . decided to wear my favorite loafers today . i hope theyre lucky . when i got home the package i had been waiting for had arrived . what a day .
the crowd headed down to the stadium . they held flags and signs . they were so excited ! the stadium was packed . the stands were full of supporters . it was a great show of support .
today i went and visited an old estate they they turned into a museum . it had a very large colection or art in it . the main front hall was still original and very ornate . the blue room had many large pieces of art in it . this was my favarite painting of teh collection , it was so large .
[female] is turning 5 today ! she loved birthdays ! [female] loves the caker her mommy made for her ! [female] however wanted to show off and be the center of attention . they devised a plan to put [female] in her place so she would n't be so needy . [female] shook the coke bottle , and asked [female] to get her a glass . the fun was about to begin .
visiting the zoo and seeing a huge elephant . now time to take a closer look at the giraffe . looking at flamingos up close . then we saw penguins in their habitat . zookeeper helping feeding the parrots in a little cup .
the man and wife went on vacation . of course , they had to buy a t-shirt to commemorate their trip . they saw beautiful sites and visited historical places , but they were super happy to get back home to spend time with their family .
the kids found all kinds of cool goodies in their easter baskets this year . [male] , my youngest , had so much stuff in his basket , that he laid everything out on the floor . my older son , [male] , preferred to look at his loot while sitting on the couch . my husband , [male] , found the kids ' book about sharks to be very interesting . look what the kids built while their dad took a nap .
the city was filled with old historic buildings and this one was amazing . the people were gathered around the square to enjoy the city . the center fountain was an attraction for all . the statues near the building were amazing . the building was a bright colorful orange with great attention to detail .
hi , i 'm [female] . i had a christmas party . here i am opening a gift my friends got me . i am so happy . it 's a lamp with unicorns on it . i love unicorns ! [female] put it together , i was too excited . [female] thinks the lamp is awesome . me too . i got a yummy cake to share with my friends . looks like [male] wants a slice . [female] and [male] are my best friends . they made my party really rock . i 'm lucky to have such great buddies .
[male] is a first time parent . his wife [female] is as well . this is their family . little location was such a good baby . she slept through most of the photo shoot .
me and my buds couldnt wait to head off for our vacation . it was my first time on a plane and seeing them take off was scary . we set up a giant bonfire on the beach . it was a blast . i had to dip my toes in the ocean , it looked so inviting . here are my friends taking one last picture in front of the beautiful sunset .
the runners are getting prepared to start the race . i take a picture before starting the race . this is a sign along the race path , should i be scared . as the rain falls , the racers , line up under the tarp , prior to the race starting . these are my feet after running such a grueling race .
the hotel was built in a really nice and prehistoric fashion . the tower across the street was immaculate . the whole neighborhood felt like a wonderful old paradise . we took a helicopter to get a sky view . then when we landed , we walked the streets to our concert .
we were very excited to be traveling to location for the summer . we decided to visit an abandoned farm to explore . the scenery was stunning but the farm was in ruins . we saw a lone cow sitting in the field and decided not to bother it . we spent the entire day wandering around the acres of farmland in location . it was an amazing part of our trip to location .
a man is outside in the street with all of the city lights before entering a club . after going inside the club , he meets up with a few of his friends . the man 's friends surprise him with a piece of birthday cake and a single candle . after eating the cake , the man and his friends decide to go onto the dance floor and have some fun . finally , at the end of the night , the man and his friends relax and watch the beautiful view near a river .
my wife posed with her new ring . she wanted to keep taking pictures after that . i told her we should go see why people were gathering in the village . after that event , we took pictures at our cabin . she was so lovely , i snapped this shot of her on the beach before we left the island .
saturday we all went to [male] 's to help him build his shed . he lives out in the middle of nowhere , and it 's pretty cool . he has a little trouble with water at times because it comes from a well . after we built the shed , we had a big bonfire . then everyone ate until they could n't eat anymore .
i was tired from my long flight overseas to location . my dad was ready to go though ! my sister brought her gloves in case it was cold . we took many pictures and it was great experience ! my sister wanted to stay warm so she refuse to take off her gloves .
the kardashians held a big press conference to announce new purses being added under their brand . the purses are considered top of the line . [female] is seen making her way to the podium table now . lot 's of photographs being taken by critics and fans alike . location is already seated as she takes a few questions from the crowd . everyone wants the full scoop on these purses . [female] has taken her seat as she takes her first question . the khardashians are use to all the publicity . after the press conference concluded , [female] was nice enough to sign a few autographs to a few special fans .
it was a cold day , but we took advantage of the clear skies and set out to see the land . we stopped by the river and saw this . the seagulls let us know they were there . the stone on the opposing side looked wonderful covered in the snow . a city skyline view was the perfect way to end the day .
we got to visit a structure with a really neat design . the building was small , but really stood out . who ever took the time to do this really had their heart in it . the building design was very neat to look at and gave us some ideas on things we could try . as you can see in the picture whoever did this really took their time with it .
around madi gras time in new orleans everything happens there are so many dissfernt thing you see een people resed up in many diffent ways even funny looking props there are all a lot of fun
the building was big and it was raining . nearby at a house it was dry though and the castle was large but the flowers were pretty .
it was a great day for a race each runner tried their hardest even a few did the run for fun and dressed in silly costumes to support a great cause and there were even a few handicapped racers too
it was rainy when [female] started her trip . she drove for hours and passed some toll roads . the sky continued to darken . all of the trees that she passed were bare . the park was dark and snow covered ; [female] thought that it was beautiful .
traveled with mom to visit this church . we were amazed by the art . a closer look at the art inside the church . the church mom wanted to tour on a trip . the inside of the church is absolutely amazing . what was really astonishing was the lack of windows . it was a layer of a church inside a layer . who olds the key to the church . you really do not want to get locked in .
we arrived into town yesterday . i had never seen such efficient transportation ! our second night in , we caught a ball game . we left our car at the hotel , and took the trolley around while in town . our hotel overlooked the lake where everyday many people were boating or jetskiing . we planned to go to the location location , but did n't get around to it this time .
a girl went for a walk . she was happy to run across the eiffel tower . it was big and beautiful . a guy asked her if she wanted her picture taken . she was happy to have the souvenir .
it 's time for the twins birthday party . daddy helps to blow out the candles . then he helps to cut and serve cake . of course the birthday boy gets his own cake . then the best part of the party , time to open the presents .
we went to an odd park today . maybe it was a circus ? there were roller coasters and a lot of other rides . there were even some attractive women in skimpy outfits . a lot of people really liked the park . i lost it at the dunk tanks though . those poor people . i 'm not coming back to this park
our annual family reunion . we went to a great resort . there was a ton of great food . boiled shrimp , asian style . our newest member - [female] 's husband . they met in the organization organization .
getting together with my friends at the skate park was awesome . me and my best friend got tattoos . we watched our friend do awesome skate tricks to impress everyone there . all of my closest friends showed up for the good time . there was a massive audience there as well for the entertainment . a professional showed up and my friend showed him his tattoos .
dad took our entire family to the beach for summer vacation . we went sailing which was pretty cool . mom was complaining about how hungry she was and was super happy to reach the shore . i thought she was going to catch and eat a seagull alive . we ended up walking along the boardwalk to look for a place to eat .
we threw a birthday party for my buddy . he opened up the gifts and loved them ! a wasp got in the door and everyone was worried about being stung ! my buddy wanted to wrestle someone for the last beer . we sat and talked about how things were going in our lives .
a beautiful day to go to paradise pier . there are a lot of rides , including a organization wheel . we rode them all . we satin this nice little area in the park to recover . we strolled around to look at the different games that were there . this one was a lot of fun , even though we did not win .
we attended the local festivities and were treated to a lot of local color and flair . this street performer captured our attention for a while . the crowds loved this performer and took a lot of photos . of course the festival would not have been complete without a tricorn hat . no matter where you are you have to stop and admire the architecture .
when i finished my work i went home and decided to relax . my dog was very happy to see me . i was also really happy to see him . i spent a few minutes hiking to the nearby waterfall . at night i went inside and started up the fireplace .
we started the day off at the beach by enjoying a beautiful sunrise . we brought an umbrella and lounged around , enjoying the beautiful day . we caught a glimpse of some wild mustangs that roam the area . around lunch time we started to get hungry so we headed over to captain [male] 's restaurant . the meal really hit the spot . dessert sounded so amazing that i decided not to share .
took a trip to a new city by myself . seen the sites early in the morning . and visited the mall when it got too hot . bought a casino chip at a local casino . and checked the traffic on a local gps before venturing out again .
a day in the life of me . i wanted to put together some pictures of me . oh , the crazy days when my hair was long . i was on a picnic here just relaxing in the sun . this is my wife and we are at a famous rock that we hiked to . yes , that 's me i 'm small . this is my 60 's days . i thought i was awesome working at that gas station .
this is [female] . today is [female] 's birthday . her best friends came together to celebrate . they showed off their best dance moves . [female] 's birthday cake is beautifully decorated . [female] ca n't wait to slice the cake with the biggest knife she could find .
the concert at the capital building on the fourth of july was a huge event . the marines marched before the music began . the marine band is one of the best i 've ever heard . the crowd was in the thousands . everyone took pictures and cheered the band on . the band closed with the star spangled banner .
the fourth of july this year was a blast ! there was a parade , complete with firetruck ! everyone was there . afterwards , we had a party . and of course , there were fireworks !
the community is gathering for a festival . many people come together to make it work . this couple is enjoying the day . these volunteers pose happily for a picture . every gets together to thank budweiser for making the festival a sucess .
[female] hopped on the train to meet her friends at the carnival . her first stop had to be the organization organization ; it was her favorite ride ! afterwards , she wanted to see a show . she was so happy to find a great party mask ! the best part of the night , though , was good times with her friends .
after getting our hotel room , we went out in search of something to do . we stopped by a restaurant for lunch while we were out . then we had some drinks , because we 're on vacation anyway ! we went back to our room and took a break . then we went to the beach and made some new friends .
my journey through sansibar today was cool . i hit this cafe and had some alcoholic drinks at 10 a.m . i found some cool decorations on buildings . here 's a neat one i stumbled upon . this guy was waving at me and so i waved back on my way through . i found a nice clearing in a park where i took a nap for a few hours . then i took a boat ride back home .
on our vacation we traveled through several small towns , each one of them unique . outside of the towns we often saw rolling meadows lined with flowers . the meadows , in turn , were lined with rocky mountain cliffs , such as this one . laying between the mountains and the meadows were some beautiful rivers . finally after passing over one last mountain , we arrived at the beach . our vacation destination was achieved .
this morning my sister and i decided to go on a bike trip to our favorite campground , on the way we rode past a flock of geese . we rode past this town on our way and stopped to take a picture of it . we stopped at a pick nick table at the campground and decided to have lunch . we ate macaroni and cheese and a baguette we 'd packed before we 'd left this morning . after lunch we set up our tent and then went for a short hike .
setting up the wines for the wine testing dinner . making a chocolate cake . starting of with a caesar salad . the wine glasses with the wine and a desert . chocolate cake for desert .
i found some old comics in my parent 's attic this past weekend . i found some pretty neat stuff . this was a treasure hunt attached in one of the back 's . this is what was in fashion in their day . times definitely have changed . this is some picture of women playing piano . not really sure what it means . an ad for what looks like organization . mmmm tasty .
a woman and her husband went out to eat to celebrate their anniversary . the first course was a yummy salad . the next course was a pallet cleanser . after that she had a delicious main course . they ended the evening with yummy dessert .
on our trip to location we hiked by a beautiful river . we stopped by a historical train track that was still being used . we got to listen to piano music at a local cafe . we stopped by a bar for a drink and were surprised to see the delightful man with the hat . we enjoyed walking through town exploring the shops .
a couple of friends left the city on a boat to attend a picnic . they took a parting shot as they left . there was a ton of food and drinks there . everyone enjoyed all the sandwiches and there were tons of extras at the end . afterwards , there was even shrimp provided for all the guests .
[male] and [female] had a wonderful casual wedding reception at [male] 's grandparents ' house . they used these cute paper plates , napkins , and plastic flatware to keep the cleanup work to a minimum . yummy casseroles pleased guests of all ages ! all the cousins had flown in for the wedding , and it was great to get together . later in the afternoon , the kids played in the pool while the grownups relaxed . what a fun party !
never seen a bug like this before . gross . this place is majestic . a fountain pool in the courtyard . how fantastic is that . imagine swimming in this thing . wow . you can only go up those stairs if you swim across . this place is the best !
we 're in the organization car on an adventure ... who knows what will happen . [male] is always up for finding fountains and sometimes he likes to swim in them . serge decided to soak his tired feet in the cool water . there were no fish , but he was hoping there would be some ... like those salons with the fish that eat your dead skin . back in the organization car we are . unfortunately , we saw a broken down car in the middle of the road ... we offered to call for help . but they 'd already called someone .
i knew i needed to pace myself during the race so i stayed mid pack for most of the way . i wanted to use this bike , but i won a few races with it already . it 's time to retire it . it was a tough and long race but i made it to the finish line , and was the first one to do so . they congratulated me with a trophy , flowers , and a check . i was beat and i needed to get back home . i strapped my backup bikes to the roof of my car and went on my way
grandma nan had a great time at the authentic american restaurant . an expensive dish was well worth the money . grandpa [male] ate so many spoonfuls of soup . cream of tomato soup was the special of the night . grandma nan and grandpa [male] could n't be any more in love .
cactus shrooms are amazing . you can find them out in the desserts near the hills and mountains . it is always a perfect day after looking for a couple of hours we always end up taking 1 or 5 of them . me and my boo thang drive to the desert every sunday to gather a couple .
the man arrived for the big race . first he swam across a lake . he then ran to get his bike . he rode his bike as fast as he could . the race is ended . he came in second !
i love to look at castle ruins . the outside was overgrown with ivy . just inside was an out of place lone palm tree . i try to imagine who once rode through these gates . oh the stories these old walls could tell .
watching the sunrise is amazing ca n't wait to get on the boat and go sailing being on the water under the blue sky and white clouds and the clear calm waters makes you appreciate nature
this is a picture of a car interior . this is a picture of a beach . this is a picture of a shore . this is a picture of the water . this is a picture of a blue sky .
people from all over town showed up we watched as they performed on camera posing and acting for us , they entertained us and even made us laugh then it was over , and everyone started to leave
there was a lot of people in line for the convention . they showed an unreleased movie . afterward the actors were there to sign autographs . everyone got in line . the line outside was very long .
the museum was very large and beautiful in structure . many people were enjoying the different exhibits inside . statues were scattered throughout the museum for everyone to view . creepy skulls were on display , but it was very interesting to see ! it must have took a long time to create all the sculptures that were inside the museum .
tourists explore the town and take pictures of the architecture and sights . there are a lot of pretty buildings and architecture here . there are also simple environmental structures like trees . the streets are uniquely paved and set up . the restaurants have a new and rural simple structure that makes them elegant looking .
here is mom at the start of our long a waited family vacation here is my brother and sister standing in front of a unique statue . this is such a neat old time church that i ca n't wait to see the inside of . this is the most awsome night picture that the lighting takes your breath away . here is dad trying some fancy picture taking of some old buildings .
our first place we visited was a mosque . i had never seen architecture like they have here . the streets were crowded and very busy . it seemed like people were always in a hurry . at night billboards lit up the streets .
the man was on his way to the beach . first he had to walk to the boardwalk . as he walked up it he was getting excited . here he is descending it to the sand , getting closer . then he had to cross a few rocks . finally , he made it to the wonderful beach !
once a year , we go on an annual camping trip up to the woods . we pitch a tent on the grass and set some chairs up so we can have a nice evening we make a campfire and spend time talking and relaxing . this year we had watermelon and soup with some iced tea for supper . even the dog had a great time at this year 's camping trip !
it 's time for the vloggies , an award ceremony celebrating vlogs . many people came by to support the cause , some came dressed in ethnic attire . others came in in crazy striped purple suits . at the end of the day a winner was awarded with a check . afterwards , people had a blast with socializing with mascots and others .
stuck at the toll booth on the turnpike . [male] posing at the dock once we finally got there . a cool waterfall way up in the woods by the campsite . our blazing fire we had that night . our tent in the morning light after a peaceful nights sleep .
last saturday i wanted to upgrade the parts on my bike . in particular , my brakes needed replacing . my chain ring was also in need of some tender love . after replacing and upgrading all these parts , i decided to take my bike out and show it off . everyone i met that day was very complimentary of my upgrades .
the cake was certainly homemade . my wife was really happy there . i brought mugs to celebrate . we talked about life . with family , we had a great time .
location is a beautiful island to visit . you can see the ocean crash into the land . you might even see a chicken . the culture is also very important . to celebrate visit a luau and enjoy the local foods .
after a semester in the classroom , it was time to get out an explore the city . it was old and magnificent ! so much beautiful architecture to behold ! even the details inside the buildings were amazing . strange and interesting sculptures could be found everywhere .
today we got a call from uncle [male] . his truck had stopped working and he needed some help . when we drove over , we found trying to get the truck working . after jump-starting the truck , it worked ! we had a nice leisure ride in it before returning home .
the bus ride into the city was a bit long . but there was beautiful scenery . the group finally arrived in town . to see the art show . after browsing they stopped for dinner .
this is the boat we rode to get to our destination . the room was not big , but it was enough . we were greeted by the beach . our daughter got ready to parachute into the air . moments like this , makes us very proud to be parents .
the flowers look ready to bloom fully . the colors of the dragon for the chinese new year parade are astounding . the figurine looks very life like . this figurine captures the pleasure of happiness fully . this is a close up of a flower getting ready to bloom fully .
the team was called in to the scene , ambulance having already extracted most of the passengers . a train had been overturned , and it was our job to get it back to work . our machines were there in a few moments , and it took us a while to move everything . soon , it was night , and we had to cordon off the area . before long , we managed to have the train cars loaded on this truck , and ready to be sent away , job well done .
i went to a fair that had lots of different foods and drinks . one of the people explained where the food came from , and what it was . this particular dish was one of my favorites . they also taught us how to make some of the foods . this was my attempt at cracking an egg .
my husband and i finally got to go out on a date night . we had a couple of amazing drinks . the food was artfully put together , and tasted amazing . the good food just kept coming , and we are till we were stuffed . the food was so good we had to give our compliments to the chef personally .
we had a tropical vacation , complete with a waterfall ! the trees were tall and made us feel so small . we saw a huge ant crawling on on the bathroom floor ! everything seems bigger here ! we left the resort , took a boat and went on a tour . we visited an old fort on the beach . it 's surprising that it is still standing after all these years !
today is [male] 's first birthday . [male] loves to play in his house . her his is trying to eat a balloon . we took some time out for a family photo . [male] got a little messy with the cake . happy birthday [male] .
we went to ski last weekend . it was a perfect day for it . i had great company too . afterwards we had a bite to eat . of course we had to have a few adult beverages too .
the old building in this turkish town had modern satellite dishes . the view of the town reveals denselypacked housing . this must be a very old building that has fallen into disrepair . it 's a shame this building is so run down . the old street would be beautiful with a little repair .
there was a big accident on the corner of the street . the cars were all bent out of shape from the impact . the surrounding neighbors came out of their house to try and help with the situation , but there was little they could do to help the cars . someone then called the cops who then rushed to the scene to offer assistance .
the family takes a vacation to the beautiful coast line . the waves come in from the ocean and pound the shores . watching a sunset from the beach is always a fantastic way to end the day . then as darkness falls , the lights come on in the bay to celebrate . all in all , this family had a great day at the coast .
we traveled through our town and encountered lots of beautiful like these flowers . there were plenty of people around , mainly in their houses . the streets were barren because of this . we then found some interesting structures . and lastly , we played on this swing set !
i loved carnivals as a kid so we decided to visit one while on vacation . the clock tower was so regal . i loved it ! of course [male] had to get a model pose picture while we were there . the carousel was so beautiful . this was the best ice cream place i had ever been to .
we visited the big city during the night . there were many older looking buildings that were lit up well . one of the bigger buildings even had a statue attached to the front step area . this court house had a bug clock on the top that looked really scary . this was a very tall building that had lights up the side of it .
the colors from the lights radiate across the buildings . the lights continue to change bring new ways to see a building in a different color . the castle is lit up with lights to help set the mood for the celebration . if the lights were n't enough fireworks help light up the night sky bringing even more color to the area . the family takes a group photo to save some memories of there great trip .
the stained glass window shows an angel teaching the saints . there 's another behind the altar . a third is to the side . outside the church . there are some really old gravestones . the church is very old and was built in the 1500 's .
i went to a friends house for dinner . she had fish . i brought fruit salad . he daughter made a cheesecake . her spouse made macaroni .
the outside was decorated with ice sculptures light up . they had a lot of different ones to look at . location 's sleigh was decorated with lights and flowers . mrs. claus even made an appearance . inside a woman was teaching a little girl to play the harp .
barbaric was the look he was going for . he defiantly had accomplished it . so had the others . animal horns and fur on their heads . red paint to look like blood on their shirts .
i looked into the mirror to make sure i looked great because my crazy friends were coming to get me to have lunch , do some stuffed animal shopping and go bowling . first stop , lunch , oh it was great and the cake us wonderful . then off to get my gift for my nephew and then topped off the beautiful day with some night time bowling . it was a fantastic day !
i was in the mood for a hike , so i decided to go to the beach . i hiked along the shoreline around sunset . it was very calming , and i felt rejuvenated . i guess a friend of mine had the same idea , we continued the hike together . we walked until dusk and then parted ways .
we rode the ferris wheel . it took us really high up in the air . we got to see all the boats in the water . it was so much fun . then we saw the buildings in the city from up high .
officers arrived on the scene of a grisly accident . they discovered a silver dodge ram truck that had been involved in a high-energy accident . tow trucks were called to the scene to remove the totalled vehicle . investigators saw that the airbags had deployed . finally , the street was swept clean to make room for more vehicles .
the trip to the city was so much fun . we got to explore the hands on museum . they had the crazy mirrors that make you look funny . we enjoyed the life like paintings that look like real images when you look at them . i enjoyed the giant anchor swing for the first time ever .
it was a great day for the family to go on a nature walk . we spotted this beautiful butterfly hovering over a branch . mom found some edible mushrooms near a tree . we spotted a fox nearby and was careful not to scare it . i love going walks with my family .
i was hosting a sweet party earlier today . everyone knew how awesome it was going to be i may have been a dork in high school . but now was my chance to show [female] i am boyfriend material . i always thought that was as a kid , it never dawned on me that i was normal though the teachers even decided that i was too cool for school now [female] wants me in more ways than one . party is over guys , off to the bedroom .
some of the older stores in the city were being boarded up . i 've been to this store many times before . the construction workers were getting their equipment ready , in the morning . one of the workers taking out one of the equipments from his vehicle . one of the workers cleaning the glass in front of an empty store .
we all gathered at [male] 's house when it got dark somebody got a little camera shy ! [male] and his wife posing for a great photo got this blurry shot of the fireworks just starting . the show started and we were all wowed
the wooden creature man i created from the chest up . here i am holding my creation on a beautiful day . the full body of my creation appears to be floating . the details of my creation are seen here in a close up picture . the wooden creation man 's head is lit up perfectly behind the sun .
tonight some friends are going out for a night on the town . what will happen ? there is girls hugging . boys kissing . wait , it is time to go home now .
sometimes i like to go out and people watch . you can see some very beautiful women in this town . you also can see some very devout individuals . some people seem alone and trapped in their solitary lives . others like to enjoy a smoke with friends .
i took a trip to location location last summer to see the people of the area . i was n't sure what to make of this guys clothes . i did receive many dirty looks while photographing others . this was one of my favotites , he did n't know that i took a picture of him . this guy looked like he was in prison even though he was n't
the cape coast is going downhill after the storms . lots of damage to property in the storms path.. lots of debris on the beach fronts . much work is needed to be done to get things back to normal . i would love to see this beautiful area back to life .
i went to a parade last weekend . the parade had a colonial band . the band had many flute players . there was also a high school marching band . after the parade was over , people followed in behind it .
the gifts brought to her were exquisite . she enjoyed both the gifts and company . a few attended the small and private event . there was plenty of space for everything and everyone . they sat on the floor talking and laughing .
we were on the bus and ready to have some fun ! we waited in line , but only for a little while ! it was time to go and enjoy ourselves ! while in the stadium , we gazed at all of the awesome sites ! the field was huge and beautiful ! we had fun !
when the sun rose in the morning , i woke up and got ready . my cat was already up and playing . we headed to the open building near the grassy plain . the space was so open and broad . we were really excited to witness such a nice piece of architecture .
he was happy to pose for the picture . he looked like he was up to something . his little brother also had a sneaky look on his face . he was telling us it was not him . they were both troublemakers , but cute .
as we began the day at the fare the high school band played us in . my parents join together for a family photo before embarking on our fun afternoon . as i wait in line to pet the goats my daughter [female] seems unsure if they like her or not . as i approach the goats i run into this clown statue that seems a little to happy . before long it 's night time at the fare and it 's lite up like the forth of july .
this is the base for the fire place that we want to use in the house in lining up the front on the fire place we noticed that the walls around it will need a lot of work layer on that day we noticed that the areas near the edges of the widow frames would need a lot of work as we noticed a lot of chips , dents and faded paint . e also noticed that some of the frames go up higher towards the ceiling the the one right next to ot
a proud father went to celebrate with his son , holding his wife close . his son , very happy for the time with family , poses with his wife , feeling his birthday blessings . the son gets a little silly while celebrating his birthday . his wife politely looks on . daddy laughs at his son 's antics , with one of his daughters , who just shrugs it off . daddy invited a few nice folks to join the celebration , and he ended up smiling all night .
[female] loved to ride her bike . her bike plan today was to ride to the shore . she wanted to see how the waves were , big or small . she paused for a break and posed for a photo . [female] 's final destination was in sight . she would rest there before returning home .
all the stockings had been hung up by the chimney . the christmas cards were nearby complimenting the stockings . food was sprawled across the table ready for everyone to gobble on . everyone was done eating and all of a sudden the kitchen was really dirty . little [female] was nearby not having a care in the world playing with her teacup set .
we arrived at the shore and were glad to see that a view was still available ... . i was able to watch the cargo ship enter the harbor.. and , suddenly , two cats arrived out of nowhere . they stared us down ; however , they moved on their way ... and , [male] and i were able to watch the sun set over the harbor ... and , the ship departed as we left for the night .
dr. suess day at the library . the kids filled out a paper with their favorite books on it . table of all the books the kids can read and take home today . even the characters showed up today..even if they are stuffed . so cute ! the kids got to make movies to watch later . they had alot of fun doing it . time to eat some popcorn and watch the movies they made . they did a great job !
there was a family who got together on christmas . they enjoyed opening gifts . they took many pictures . their house was n't the biggest , but it did look nice . the view from the house was incredible .
the streets where packed with people this year . carnival was in full swing . they even had giant bull heads roaming around . some of the groups had themes . others where just colors , but all of them looked really neat . some people where solo . they always had the best costumes .
[male] shower time for the mom to be . she was so happy to get her parents , no matter the size . there were books to read for her future baby . as well as clothes for the baby too . she even loved the booties she got , it was a great shower .
a chalkboard sign advertising breakfast . inside the caf with more choices for food . what a hearty breakfast this is . a gargoyle outside the church which is protective . beautiful stained glass windows .
our family went to a new venue for 4th of july fireworks this year . the show was spectacular . we had very close seats with a perfect view . this one looked like an amoeba ! the finale was awesome !
the scene of serenity with a rusted old relic . driving through the canopy gives them a feeling of peace . the damn is incredible from a distance . the snow is thick and powdery . the men make their way through the snow with some resistance .
we decided to take my dad 's bike to the bike show this weekend . my brother brought his bike too . a semi painted like an american flag was at the entrance . most of the bikes were parked in a safe area for browsing . on the way home , several people one bike left too .
my grandfather was taking my sister and i on a bike ride along the river . there was a steamboat puffing along . it was an amazing site . we tried to feed some ducks along the way , however , none of them wanted a bite . it started to look a little stormy out . good thing we were passing by the church , meaning we were almost home . i 'm so glad my grandfather took us for this experience . it was great !
this is my son from last weekend at the parade . the firemen saluted for the organization organization . here go on the ride ! all the kids were excited . here 's one boy waving goodbye . see you later ! here 's the whole firefighters crew .
[female] began by looking at ancient masks . there were many different types of skulls . there were lists of mythical creatures . they saw inventions from different time periods finally they came upon a wagon from the old west .
everyone is bundled up for the big charity race . the participants make their way across the quad . there is a long line of racers but everyone is a winner . after the event , people relax and enjoy a drink at the local club . now the dj gets busy on the turntables and gets the crowd going .
we all got together for the award ceremony and had a great time . i got to see my old college friends for the first time in years . my parents and brother were also there for the big moment . it was nice to also have all of my aunts , uncles and cousins there . my uncle gave a great speech to end the night for the agency of the year .
there 's an amazing carnival show in town ! [female] and [female] are so excited . they get ride the tilt-a-while . they get to drive bumper cars . they even get to see a smiling snake !
i invited all my friends to my barbecue tonight . we had some fruit . we spent hours sitting out on the porch drinking beer . afterward we went for a walk . we took some pictures at night .
it was my birthday and my friends took me to the county fair . lots of great food there . i happen to love funnel cakes . they had an exhibition of a dog playing with a frisbee . the dog was better than me at catching . when we got home there was another surprise . they had a happy birthday cake . the cake was vanilla and chocolate with oreo cookies . i 'm a lucky girl !
one sunday , my friends and i decided to go to the boardwalk . we saw the original [male] 's famous , and stood in line for a hot dog . we sat around after eating our hot dogs to allow our food to digest . over to the side there was a volleyball match going on , which we enjoyed . finally , we wandered off down the street to see what else there was around .
i like cats . they are a pain though . he 's looking to get in trouble . like chewing on my ear . ow !
how could anyone have believed that witches once lived here ? an old man told them some people there still believed in witches . he was quite the character . it was alleged that two witches had lived in this old house . this old house supposedly was home to an adulteress , who they believed was a witch .
heres a certificate for our baby , told ya mom he was real ! the whole family met to celebrate , generations all under one roof . mom loves taking pictures with us , she cant let go of the baby . grandma too had to have some pictures . we didnt mind though , we are one big happy family . [male] [male] might be too young for his cake but we all loved it for him .
i had a graduation party last summer , my parents bought me a car ! all of my family showed up to celebrate with me . even my dog was there to have fun . the neighbors i grew up with made a quick appearance . and my boyfriend bought me flowers as a graduation present , it was so sweet .
the observatory had n't been used in a while . most people go to the lookout tower . after looking up i quickly decided to stay on the ground . the sun was beginning to set and soon we would be able to enjoy the night starts . the beauty we were about to see was introduced by the beauty of this sunset .
here we have just arrived on our vacation . we are headed to grab a bite to eat . we found a little eatery in the villa . drinking our cold beverage before taking off again . back to the cabin to before heading to the beach . here we are on the beach posing for our final group shot .
eating right is an important issue in many people 's lives . for some eating is not an issue . when tempted by candy , it is difficult to resist because of how it effects our brain . and its especially difficult during holidays . strangely , we find every which way to get sweets into our mouths and around our waistline . some get very creative and try all kinds of varieties to keep it competitive . even bread isnt safe some times when you come across other cultures . the bottom line is : everything in moderation .
after driving for hours we finally arrived at the camp site . the hike to the site was long . we must have been walking for at least an hour . finally we got there and set up camp . we had a huge fire at night and made some good food .
ready for a crazy night at the bar ? our night started with operation . then moving on to bingo . this guy thinks there is better things to do . how about some death defying acts ?
i had the strangest dream , the houses looked just like those in the back ground . and then the faeries showed up . they were color coded and wearing old fashioned dresses they wanted me to tune their pianos . i think i ate the wrong thing before bed .
the fair is in town today and it is right off of the beach . what a beautiful day . the view from the organization organization is breathtaking . not far from the fair , a couple is taking pictures in a baseball field . overall , the good weather brings people out and about . it was a good day .
the concert was a great one . the guitar player was on point with his playing , and he even harmonized perfectly with the leader singer during some of the choruses . and they made it a great show by involving the audience , and of course , the lighting was crazy cool .
the entrance to the old amusement park . the rides just looked aban doned . like no one cares . perhaps someone can come along and bring this back to life . you wonder how many kids had fun here over the years . i wish i could ride the ferris wheel . perhaps there is a switch somewhere ?
it was [male] 's 41st birthday . [male] blew out the candles on the cake . [male] passed out slices of cake . it was his son 's birthday as well , and he got a baby cake . the boy opened different gifts , was more interested in the bow .
the track in which some cool cars were about to drive on . this was my favorite car that was their . this was another really sleek looking car . a small blue car with swanky headlights came barreling down the race track . one guy even brought his motorcycle to ride the track with .
we began our trip in an ordinary looking part of the country . soon we were walking along a winding path surrounded by walls of rock . we knew we were at our destination when we had to cross a bridge that was suspended over crystal blue water . we noticed others were already enjoying their time in the warm water . besides enjoying the warm water , we had a wonderful view of the mountain .
that night we decided to watch the fireworks . they shot the fireworks over the river . the reflections on the water were really pretty . some of the fireworks went really really high into the air . the finale consisted of some really large fireworks .
this is the band hired to play at the organization organization . here is some of the food available to the guests . this is the president and the first lady getting ready to deliver a speech . this is some of the press and other guests here to watch the president . this is a group of people who have gotten together for a photo opportunity .
we decided to take a day trip out to the lake . we rode a train to get there . when stepped out , we got a nice view of the snowcapped peaks . we decided to rent out a boat . after sailing for a while , we landed ashore .
i just got my geologist degree and i need to go find my rock on . i first started here and thought this was interesting . i then crossed the bridge to get to the other side and see what geologically was over there . i climbed to the top of the mountain for some interesting geological structures . i then drove home very fastly .
the start to a good vacation is history . the sunsets are amazing back at home . wow ! let 's look for the pot of gold ! the little ones are putting on a great show . it is always hard to leave ...
my dad and i was enjoying a friendly game of dominoes on the patio . the skyline is quite spectacular in this part of the water . however , quickly i realized that the weather was changing , and in a bad way . this building was quite sturdy , and would be the location of the evacuation shelter . this ice cream bn
photos of one of my favorite books . this is a reminder of my trip abroad to location . this book was a great murder mystery . the best of all times . this set is my spy and mystery novels that got me through the 5th grade . this set were my best reads in the 6th grade . in the future i know they will be a collectors item . my science collection from the 7th grade . still in excellent condition .
[male] went down to the docks to see a ship . he saw a duck . he saw some strange places . finally he saw a ship . it was the constellation .
it was [female] 's birthday and they were having a party with a lot of her friends . she got to pose next to one of her favorite characters . then played her favorite game of air hockey . the teletubbies even came to celebrate . afterwards they all got to have ice cream and cake .
we decided to visit the old train station with a organization wheel . there was no one else there . the tracks were all empty except for one train by itself . we saw the ferris wheel in the back . there was no one on it . we decided to leave because it was getting creepy .
i decided to cook dinner for my friends last night . i had all of my friends over for a party . we even had a cake ! we drank and laughed and had a great time . everyone really enjoyed themselves and it was a great night .
there was a fireworks show this weekend . they started off firing a lto at once . then they slowed down a bit gradually . there was one that looked like a flower from afar . at the end , they set off so many at once !
the flowers grew at random along the side of the road and they were lovely but she knew that was the only thing pretty about this town . it was a dirty , ugly place that was best avoided . cheap murals were on the side of a store advertising bikinis and shorts although there was n't a beach close by . it was rumored that one store which simply advertised `` amusements , '' was in reality a brothel . she did n't dare stop and elected to drive on the next town to get gas .
bike tricks are a sight to see . he was very good at balancing . the hand stand took a lot of strength . together they both had a lot of skill . break dancing into cool moves was really fun to look at .
the company decided to host a christmas party for employees . some people posed for a picture by location . we had a few drinks and took some more pictures . a few people thought it would be funny to take some making silly faces . we all had a nice time talking and hanging out .
today was a little boy 's birthday party . as you can see , his little sister was really excited . one of his gifts had a monkey on the bag . his sisters helped open his gifts . he got a video game and she is opening it with her teeth .
the beautiful flowers survived the horrible storm . the beautiful bridge , and the beautiful water i 've always loved this view this little bird is a happy little bird , he flew over to me when i was walking . he 's looking out at the sea . a beautiful view of this beautiful bridge . one of my favorite pictures . this was my yummy plate of food one of the best meals i 've ever had , made me feel good
my mother an i were playing a game of soccer together . the balloons and bikes were on full display at the mini carnival . the children were riding their bikes around the parking lot . several children decorated their bikes with balloons for the parade . the little boy was fascinated with the white balloon .
i went on vacation last week in location . it was a beautiful place . i went riding down the rivers . they were really long . there were also some beautiful walking trails . i had a great time while i was there .
[female] was washing the pots and pans when she realized the water was cold . she turn on the hot water and the water got warmer . soon the water was hot so she continued what she was doing . top part is clean , now for the bottom . all done except to turn the water off and dry the pan .
today was my special fighting cancer party ! i got to play pin the tail on the donkey and i danced in front of everyone . my friend [female] played games too . she was really great ! [female] could barely walk but she ditched her crutches and went for it anyways . she won a huge prize ! [male] gave me a big hug and told me to wish him luck . he won at pin the tail on the donkey ! he 's now my boyfriend .
taking pictures of [male] when he least expected . [male] looking mad . [male] 's brother is hard at work . [female] pretty as always . [female] and her boyfriend .
my family is a bit strange in some ways but one thing we all like to do if fish and also catch crabs because we like to eat them . there are lots of different ways to catch crab and normally i would not do it this primitive way but it 's all we had and i did not have the squid for bait i usually use . the primitive method does and did work and as you can see we caught some crabs to eat . here is a better photograph of the bucket full of crabs and another creature or two if i remember right . we all got tired and people started falling to sleep so we headed back home knowing that we would be back another day to catch more crab and next time we would be ready .
i had to put some air in my car last weekend . it cost me 25 cents . i was very happy during the road trip . the view from the road was spectacular . after we drove for hours we finally made it to the concert .
i took a beach trip last week to a remote town in location . the beach was completely full of people . however , i was a little disappointed because the ocean water was quite rocky . the accommodations were n't particularly special either . still , it gave me comfort to watch the sunset from the ocean every evening .
[female] wanted to go hiking in a remote mountain on her vacation . so she packed her bags and hired a local guide to take her there . she could n't believe the fresh air and the view ! she especially loved the view of the mountains , as she could see miles away . she yelled out and heard her echo ! her and her guide rented some horses so that they could see the scenery more easily . [female] was even able to get a beautiful panoramic shot of the mountains . she was excited that her camera had this option . at the end of the day , her guide took her to the beach , where [female] captured a picture of a beautiful sunset . all in all , she had a great day .
the 4th of july fireworks got off to a great start . some of the fireworks could be seen from a great distance . up close , some of the fireworks were powerful and very loud . there was a brief scare when one of the fireworks failed to launch . thankfully , the fire on the fireworks platform was quickly extinguished .
a sunset at the beach is beautiful . the boy and his dad enjoy it . other enjoy the beach . time to go home . at home we want dinner .
we went to visit the tallest clock tower in our vicinity . we then checked out some statues . after viewing architecture , we went to the amusement park for some fun . we were pooped by the time we were done so we took a 2 story bus to relax with sightseeing . we finally went to a cafe to unwind with delicious cakes !
the outdoor circus comes to town every winter and we never miss it/ we enjoy all the different attractions . i really like the silly ones , they really make me laugh . these guys never fail to astonish me with the things they can do . but if you wait too late , it 's hard to get a good seat for the main attraction .
we had a plane bring us to our vacation spot we were staying at a national park we were right next to a river with a waterfall . we also had very good look at the mountains in the distance . we also got to spend many hours fishing .
a man passing out flyers and talking to people . a man helping another man by giving him something . giving a little boy something . he is giving an older lady something . a photo op with a family .
this was grandpa driving up to get me to go to the carnival . i was n't very excited to be honest . it was almost dark when we got there . there were so many cool lights all over the place . this was my favorite display of lights . i could stand under it and look up and imagine i was in huge arm fulls of lights hugging me . as it got darker the lights looked even cooler . this was the back of a building . i hung out here most of the night to escape my family . a selfie of me in the dark . this one really captures my mood . hiding behind the colorful building in the dark . i ca n't wait to go home .
the concert was going to be amazing . the first band was one of the best . but the second band was even better . we saw a dad sitting with his kid , it was beautiful . the last band was the best .
i took my bike downtown . it fell in the water during my lunch break . i continued eating lunch . the bike told me i needed to keep riding . i finished at least forty more miles after that .
there is the american flag blowing in the wind . the buildings in the background are gorgeous ! what a beautiful morning with the sun coming up . this looks like the place to get some tickets . the fireworks in the night time were spectacular !
uncle [male] 's flea market was a great place to visit today . the vintage buses were cool to see.every where one looks is a treasure to behold . bikes , tables , tires , n more can all be found at this store . the small gnome lamps were a favorite . the thing i left with was this parrot that talked . good memories at the flea market today .
the lights show started near dusk . as the sun set , the beautiful lights began to shine . each building had it 's own unique light set up . my friends and i were impressed . in the dead of night , they let off fireworks to accompany the lit buildings . we decided to take countless photos to remember the night of the beautiful lights .
this was a funeral for one of the fallen soldiers . many people attended including friends and family . they marched across the street honoring this soldier . many people were in attendance and special speeches were given in honor of him . many men and even kids were in attendance that day .
the gate was large near the building . they visited the castle that had a big gate with a ferris wheel .
the deadline for the automobile competition was nearing . our team was getting nervous because we had nothing but the basic framework completed . we then added seats and tested the traction of different tires . afterward we worked on the engine before calling it a day .
college co-ed mixer 's night at our fraternity house . this girl was so not happy about the theme of the party . a group photo with all the fraternity presidents . some one underage tried to break into out party , no no . my sorority sisters were so trashed while posing for a picture .
we had just showed up to the ig show . everyone was getting their cats ready for show . people exchanged ideas on grooming and overall healthcare of their cats . the judges came by and made notes . the decision was made and a winner was selected .
we set up the fireworks display at the tallest building in town . we also did one at another location across from the first building . we then sat back across the river and waited . when night came , all the lights on the buildings came on . we started the fireworks display .
we visited a local church . the church had beautiful stained glass windows . the windows were everywhere . some of windows seemed to tell stories from the bible . some of the windows portrayed historical local events .
these kids are jumping in the water . this lake is where they swim during the summer . many of the townspeople hang out at this lake . mom is glad her kids are leaving her alone for once . after going for a swim they decide to take a rowboat out .
many of the town residents gathered together to protest against the fracking companies . men , women , and children all felt at risk at the potential problems caused by fracking . the sign was a good representation of what the people felt they needed to protest against . this young boy woke up bright and early to lend his voice . this was an important issue to the townspeople of location .
we decorated eggs tonight . we were trying to go the artsy route . my husband tried going artsy , but it did n't turn out as well as he would have liked . i tried a crazy eyeball theme on one . afterwards , we set them all down together to compare them . they look awesome !
the race was great . a lot of characters were represented . the crowds grew . the sun was out and it was beautiful . the dummers drummed along .
i checked out a house for sale today . the walls were a dark red , but that could be fixed . it had a nice window facing out toward the street . the bathrooms were a little small for my taste . i liked the purple walls in the last room i saw .
here is my home in the suberbs of our town . the backyard is fenced in with flowers throughout . multi colored annuals show their brilliance . the flowers stand tall in the grasses along the fence line . opening its face to the sun , this purple flower is a favorite .
i was invited to see rain art at the craft center today . the blue rays of water were moved around with electricity and gravity . it was amazing . i found a wall of eyes . it was rather creepy . more rain art but this time it was displaying bodies inside it . the last picture i took was of an alien rain body . it was so red and amazing . i never want to leave this amazing place .
it was race day at the track and fans were excitedly trickling into the stands . it was especially exciting for these 6 fans who had never been to a race before and got prime seats . as the race started , they watched anxiously as their favorite red car went around the track . they watched that car until the sun went down and the lights came on . and they watched that car until it mad it 's final turn onto pit road .
everyone was very excited to tour the art gallery . the room was very crowded so we had a hard time seeing some of the pieces . the best room was filled with brightly colored artwork , everyone loved it . we even had the pleasure of meeting one of the lead artists . we had a great time at the art gallery that day .
i love taking pictures of patterns . here is a rainbow of shoes . neatly folded cloth makes a great lined pattern . the stones on the street make an interesting pattern . the patterns of the arches look like candy canes . there are patterns and math everywhere you look .
together once again , this time celebrate our friends baby shower . she loved all her presents just as im sure the baby will too . everybody couldnt wait to show off what they gave her such as this baby tub . she loved this gorgeous white jacket . lets hope it fits . the whole family was there to celebrate , baby showers are the best .
my town had a bike parade on saturday . some of the bikes were very unique and cool to see . this one was pulling a small wagon behind it . this one bike was very tall and seemed quite dangerous to me . this one had a very large trailer with a bunch of people having a great time .
when i feel depressed and disconnected , i know it 's time for a nature walk with my girlfriend . we love the lavender -- the scent and flowers . the wooden bridge over the pond is lovely . the ducks always made me relaxed . my lovely girlfriend fits with all the gorgeous nature .
the family decided to drive to their grandparent 's house in location . on our way to our parents house , we found a building with a streaming fountain . after passing through the city , we stumbled upon a house made out of adobe . as soon as we arrive to the central of the city , we realized we had been lost . the gps navigation system sent us the wrong way . once we found our way back , we decided to pass through a field of beautiful flowers .
hi . i am [female] . today was my 18th birthday . i lit my candles on my cake . i blew them out . my wish was to have friends show up at my birthday party . then i played happy birthday to myself on my guitar . i played a sad song afterward .
here is where we started our hike and the scenery does n't get any better then this . just about stepped on mr. slug as he was crossing the trail . just when i thought the hike could n't get any better we came across this very colorful field of flowers . now this is refreshing and a much welcomed site . i think that this is mother nature at her best and i expect wild horses to show up soon .
okay pooch , i 've got a blind date tonight . how do i look ? here comes your blind date , and if i say so myself , i did good , did n't i ? oh my gosh ! [male] you 're my blind date ? oh no ! [female] never gave me a last name . all she said was [female] ! well at least we know each other , and there 's nothing like having a date with your next door neighbor !
the trip to the rock and roll hall of fame was starting out great . the family stayed with a friend who lived nearby . their house was a bit small but they fit . the next day they took a walk into town . everyone had a good time at the museum .
it was really a special day because we got to watch a seal lion being birthed . the poor mom looks exhausted , but happy that it 's over . the sea lion mom is checking out her new baby . the new baby seems strong and healthy . the sea gulls come along to help clean up the mess so the new baby can enjoy its new life !
aunt [female] and aunt [female] sat waiting for the parade to start . her son and grandson were going to be on a float in the parade . they had their balloons of all shapes and colors . also hats and water when it got hot . this was an exciting day for the town .
this man is on holiday in paris . he waits at the bus station to take his ride . first he walks by the water . the man likes to look at buildings . he ends his walk at the location location .
cat coming down the stairs to eat breakfast . preparing walfles for breakfast . waffles and coffee are ready . trial and error waffles and eggs . thought we saw a mouse trying to get it out with a fan
we took a trip in an airplane . the airplane got so high in the air . then we landed to our destination . after that the airplane pulled up to the tarmac . finally , we were able to get off of the airplane .
the family was on vacation . they visited lots of sight seeing areas . they found some historical sites . they explored old tunnels . they ended the day back at their hotel checking out the view .
we went to a local fair . there was a free concert that we watched for an hour . we went around the fair and played some of the games . we watched a show involving dirt bikes . it was a lot of fun . the last thing we did was take a ride on the ferris wheel .
road trip ! another weekend , another opportunity to see the country . the views along the highway were breathtaking . we stopped for breakfast at the greatest little cafe . the nightlife in the town was pretty active considering how small it was . we made some new friends and ended up staying up all night . we really hope to return soon .
the party was really starting now . the band was geared up to play . the dj was also there for later . people started dancing . they were really having a great time and party .
we went on vacation over the weekend to a local city on the river . the buildings were old but beautiful . the river made the city look even more ancient and unique . we saw this interesting statue of a man standing watch towards the top of a building . we found out that the man is meant to be a guardian that stands watch over the river that runs through the city .
the food for the party turned out perfectly ! not sure i would like these , but they were so good ! a fresh fruit salad . it was beautiful , healthy , and delicious . this tart was so delicious . i could have eaten the whole thing . another favorite was this pasta salad . i need the recipe for it now !
a couple took their brand new car on a one day holiday . they visited an old resort out in the country . they resort was built many years ago , and it was obvious from the details . the best part was the old spire at the top of the resort . before they went home , they stopped at a small inn for dinner .
some friends gather to celebrate their friend getting a new house . they drink beer and pose for pictures . dad is proud of his son . one friend notices something that needs to be fixed . they are all thankful for such great friends .
christmas is a wonderful time of year all the lights are beautiful and the holiday cheer makes for incredible nights the malls get into the season because they want more sales
the party began when margot started to dance like a drunkard . colorful balloons overwhelmed my ceiling . i found margot in my bedroom dancing by herself . a couple of other guests watched television during the party . chrissie took one photo of my house before leaving the party .
skyscrapers weekly , the magazine where you can view skyscrapers of all shapes and sizes . where you can study the architectural traits . the people who designed the buildings . the teams that built the buildings . and the final impact the structures had on their surrounding cities . this was the magazine he dreamed of creating .
i rode my bike into the countryside yesterday . it was very pretty . i 'm pretty sure i 'm starting to feel like rambo . the countryside and i are as one . i can never get tired of sights like this .
it was a cold winters day and the group of friends decided they would get together to eat a nice home cooked meal . they drink some tasty dark beers and chat among each other . the friends had a blast while the weather was cold outside . the next morning they woke up to do some skiing and other outdoor activities in the snow . the weather was freezing but it was a beautiful site . the time together turned out to be a blast .
the president of the art club was giving the instructions on how to rule the entries to the judges . everyone paid attention and took notes . afterwards , the entries were shown individually at first on the screen behind them . then , the finalist entries were all put up together so the top two could be chosen . there were the winning entries , and the vote was unanimous on both !
some friends were gon na head down to the beach later this was the water sign that they saw each beach house was lined up by each other the friends decided to head back and have lunch instead it started to rain but it did n't ruin their day
in location , things are so much older than in the location ! it 's a very common thing to find houses with dates like 1618 , or older . there are little historic details everywhere , like this ancient graffiti ! the graveyard have graves that go back 1000 years . the churches are full of details carved hundreds of years ago . i love seeing them .
my brother just had to get a picture in front of the water . these animals sure did smell bad . grass can be so beautiful at times . we find a small area where someone may have lived . i wonder if any of the animals have ever fallen in the water .
when [male] was staying at the cabin , all he wanted to do was relax . but , kobi , his dog , had other ideas . after some schmoozing , kobi was able to talk [male] into taking him for a hike . kobi and [male] saw a beautiful waterfall . then , they came home and snuggled up by the fireplace and took a nap .
my brother [male] and his son working on his homework . my whole family standing near a beach ready for the day . [male] 's son , [male] , looking far barnacles , on the rocks . [male] and his family busy looking for barnacles , for our dinner tonight . our whole family is looking for herbs along the beach that is going to be used in cooking for our dinner today .
how high is this monument , really ? over the benches there is noting but green , green grass . towering above us this structure is too high ! sun is down , now it 's time for us to leave . show me your muscles , [male] !
[male] was ready for his first visit to the petting zoo , the barn was open and ready for [male] . [male] was scared of this goat . the monkey was relaxing not caring about what was going on . [male] loved looking at all the animals
we hired someone to fix our house . he had to caulk some stuff . he was pretty good at it . he was fixing our door frame first . i 'm glad we hired him .
night city lights were amazing and was reflected off the river below . the bridge leading into town was also lit up . i turned around and started my way into the fairground . it had giant face at the front of the entrance . it looked really scary at night . inside , it had really old attractions from the 50 's .
there was a building . and a beach . with a boat in the water . the building had a dome . and here are some trees .
we arrived in the beach community and began the journey toward our new home . we could n't believe the beauty when we found the home and they even provided a bike for our journeys to town . i noticed the porch , while [male] was happy to see the air conditioner ! we continued to move around the exterior of the home , loving every second of it . and , finally , we headed toward the back entrance .
winter is wonderful we love going on snowy hikes its fun to climb the hills the view is incredible wish we could drive though
the party was going well and there was even hot sauce . there was running on the sand and fireworks being lit that were very pretty .
at a concert and we are having a good time . he is always changing the colors . ahh back to purple . where did he go ? there he is ! back to playing music .
my dog really loves to go for a walk near the water . we made sure to not park in the walkways . the shoreline was pretty clear . one lone walker was enjoying the day like we were . puppy got a little excited about chasing birds , so i had to hold him for a while while he got used to them .
this guy right here has to be the worst batter ever every time he got to the plate he soiled striked out of the home team was really good this guy literally hit every thing this was the best home run of the day
i went to this years association meeting and it was a lot of fun . there were a few speeches and lots of questions . members got to learn many things from experienced business people in the community . i learned a lot just listening to conversations that were abundant at the event . we took a group photo before departing to implement some of the ideas we learned .
there was a protest in nyc today . families came out to demonstrate their support for the cause . they made signs to clearly communicate what they wanted . they were fighting to ban dangerous gas drilling across the state . all the families seemed like they had a great time demonstrating .
grandpa did some adjustments on ours bikes before we headed out on our long bike ride . we went all around the countryside stopping many times to enjoy the scenery . we enjoyed the riverside trail . once my bike got caught up in some tree branches we knew it was time to head back . grandpa was waiting for our return , he made us a nice dinner .
[female] and [male] take a selfie before their hike . they first stop at the lake . then , [female] reads a stone to see if it has any cool info . they get close to the bridge they want to cross . they get tired from the walk and decide to eat .
his two best friends came into the restaurant . quickly , he made them their favorite drink . they ordered a tray of shrimp , avocado and cheese dip with nachos . they shared a bowl of jambalaya . [male] was always happy to see his friends enjoy his work .
it was one of the oldest churches in the district . the inside had intricate carvings . on the wall to either side were paintings of the saints . there are rows and rows of pews . the candelabra had been there for hundreds of years . there were also paintings of saints above the altar , always looking down on the proceedings .
a bunch of people came waiting for the show . they waited and waited , but the show did n't start . they waited over an hour , and still nothing happened . no one knew why the show had n't started . the entire crowd was disappointed . everyone started to leave .
where are all the leaves ? oh , they 're by the flowers ! i like flowers . but not as much as i like this petal . i like it so much , i took its photo twice !
a meeting was to be held at a local building . the people arrived on time to discuss the future of their community . the people gathered in a big group inside the building the building was too small , so the people moved outside . a man gave a speech outside letting everyone know what would happen .
decided to make it a day of fishing with daddy . and , of course my brothers . i got the first fish ! and had to show it off . daddy comes in for the help .
the view of the mountains was the inspiration for the trip . as they got closer they started to see the wildlife . the cabin they rented was just on the other side of the lake . they arrived a found the cozy cabin waiting for them . after unpacking , the friends went out to enjoy the fresh , cold mountain air .
we could see the beach from where we were and decided to head down . we followed a brushy path down to it . when we got there , we walked along the shore . there where large rocks coming out of the water . it was really inspiring to say the least .
i am tasked with cleaning the track before one of the biggest horse races in the world , the kentucky derby . this year 's location had some events that i had n't seen before , like the hurdles . this horse , fireball , was my favorite , even though she did n't really live up to her name . after the big race we walked over to the infield to meet some of the horses and their jockeys . it was there that i got to come face-to-face with fireball .
[male] is sitting down in a chair about to open his birthday gift . he starts to open up the card first and starts to read it . he opens up his present at its a red cup that he likes very much . [male] is waiting for the other presents to be given to him . he opens up the next present and stares at it .
a family sitting at the table posing for a picture . fresh oyster straight from the ocean . the dog is learning how to play fetch with his owner . a man in his dog playing in the ocean . a man wind gliding at the beach .
hank was starting some home repairs that he 's put off for too long . while working on the door frame , he noticed that his equipment was n't working properly . he shook it and tried to fix it but nothing seemed to work . he took a real close look and realized his mistake . hank was holding it the wrong way and went back to working on the door .
in todays news we have a sad situation on the highway . someone who had road rage had an episode and this is part of the wreckage , even the media was down there quick with there cameras . we are told that no one was killed and that all are safe . the car had to be towed to organization through the traffic and it is all cleaned up now .
we went out with friends to a fancy dinner . there were exotic foods that were pretty to look at but i was scared to try . i really liked this curry . [male] looked bored waiting for his food . so did jen . but when the food came it was worth it .
i finally learned to ride my bike today ! we had a lot of fun ! this is my rat . she is white and loves to cuddle . i got a new puppy ! i am oh so happy ! this is my puppy lying on the carpet . this is my puppy lying in the grass outside , i love him !
the christmas celebration near my home was magical . there were so many lights to behold . i could not stop snapping pictures . a closeup reveals the word noel with candies all around . i will definitely do this again next year .
we had a lot of snow during the holidays . our whole city was covered in a thick blanket of snow . even the park had the benches covered , there was nothing visible at all . we had to wear thick coats just to keep warm . it made the sunset look spectacular when it reflected on the snow .
the guy was doing tricks on his bike then another came . he had no shirt but another was doing tricks when a guy came and danced .
i was washing dishes yesterday and i broke one of my best wine glasses . it was my favorite one . i really liked it . all of the glass pieces were really sharp and i hurt myself trying to clean them up . i have to be more careful next time .
our whole family saw the parade we saw someone in a colorful costume . we saw a skeleton that was red . we saw a green skeleton with teeth . the gold dragon was really neat and our family liked it . at the end of the parade we saw a lady in green , pink and yellow .
the variety of easter cards are great ! religious easter cards are inspirational ! the adorable yellow duckling put a smile on your face ! of course a bunny with a duck is a very traditional card , but still adorable ! two little girls playing with the ducklings , so cute ! lilies are associated with easter , and of course yellow ducks !
the girls walked up to the museum , excited about what they would find inside . the entry way seemed to go for miles . the sculptures inside were beautiful and unique . she was taken aback by the intricate designs . they spent so much time inside that the sun had already gone down by the time they left .
the statue was finally in place ... the crowd began to gather to hear the donation ceremony and the speech . finally , pastor smith took the stage and began to speak . the veterans that served with the colonel were all present . and , they could not have been happier with the beautiful statue that honored their friend .
went on vacation location . stayed in a beautiful beach hut . the water was warm and beautiful . went sailing right after sunset . woke up to the sun rising above the mountains .
every year we go to an outdoor christmas event . the entire neighborhood is lit with lights . there are even some indoor displays . a miniature train ride takes kids around the park . [female] and i like to walk with hot chocolate and check out the lights .
i have always enjoyed party planning . it can be tedious , but it has a great reward . there is my husband , taking some deserts out of the oven . i always leave the cooking to him . here is some of our homemad fudge . everyone always loves it . here is a picture of our guests . they 've worked really hard this year , and we 're glad to be doing this for them . here is a display of all of their hard work . this has been a long year for some of them , and they deserve to have a good time .
family day down at the petting zoo ! off to see all kinds of animals . from a distance , we saw a goat reclining against a door . we had a few snacks , and the goat grew curious . the goat said hello , may i have a snack , and we said of course ! later we observed a very contemplative monkey , pondering amazing and deep things . family day proved a success , with many new sights and sounds for the kids !
going to a fair is great . but it 's even better for a photographer . there are so many things to shoot in so many different ways . but sometimes , shots of basically nothing can turn out pretty cool . even the lights of an old storage shed near the location itself . and even the subway that we took home can turn into a work of art .
we took a cruise , the ship was really amazing ! the rooms were small but cozy . we got to stop off at some beautiful beaches ! while we were here we decided to give para sailing a try . that is really high up in the air !
today i went to the monument for the first time . i watched the soldiers march . a storm was coming in over the large building . people were starting to leave . the wind was picking up fast . i snapped another picture of the building because the sky was getting ominous and so windy . just then the storm let up and it was calm . the sun shined through and the wind was gone .
taking the family to the beach for a funfilled vacation . filled up with some petrol and off we go . here is our room for the weekend . it 's gon na be fun . had to stop and take pictures of our great land and all the dog paw prints on the sand . on the road again getting dinner .
[male] was excited that his parents came to visit him . his parents had a great time on the coast . they all headed down to the water . and saw the tiny house where [male] lived . they also got to meet all of [male] 's friends .
mom thought this was the most beautiful sight . the kids loved how they could see the reflections in the water . dad was very interested in the designs of the various buildings . we all wondered how did anyone get up there . grandma thought that is was so mystical .
last weekend we went to organization . our favorite characters from finding nemo were there ! there were also great big roller coasters that we went on . we bought little gifts at the gift shop to . at the end , we enjoyed the lights at night .
my family tree at the museum . that may or may not exist ? sooo ... .. ? very cool display of transportation through time . a covered wagon from the 1800 's . and this red guy was so adorable !
the group of friend went to the beach . the mom brought her book to read . the family and friends went swimming and tanned . a flock of seagulls flew right by them . it was a fun day at the beach .
this naval pier held lots of old ships . there were also some defunct fighter jets being displayed . people came from around the state to look at the boats . some of the electronics on this old warship still worked . the `` midway '' brought a lot of tourists to the naval pier .
the group arrives at their winter hideout . to cold and snowy to go outside ! lets do some arts and crafts instead . but the project turns into a disaster . [female] gives up and sits this one out .
the artichokes were cooked to perfection . and the pasta salad tasted like the one from the restaurant . the asparagus was our favorite and was perfectly crisp . overall the table was full and looked great but it was missing something . that 's when i remembered the flower bouquet .
a group of bicyclists , skateboarders and dancers get together to preform . the skateboarder rolls on the track . the break dancer stood on his hand and preformed . another break dancer spun on his head . the group that gathered to watch was very large and interested .
the table is set for a fabulous retirement party for two sisters . everybody from work showed up and they were in high spirits . the manager talked about the past accomplishments of the sisters . even the local press showed up and gave them an interview which aired on the news that night . the gala wrapped up with a presentation of an achievement award for both .
they placed the guitars next to the stage . it was time for a great show . the band then proceeded to enter the auditorium . they led with a wonderful drum solo . followed by some impressive guitar playing by the band members . then , the lead singer , took to new heights with an acapella solo from the floor !
we met at the korean restaurant before the speeches . people gathered around and introduced themselves . there was a sense of excitement in the air that day ! here everyone is just absorbing the information they were given . that night we posed in he hallway of our hotel .
our figure skating team had been practicing for the whole season . we went to a competition in front of a panel of judges . i think we did very well , and we were proud . after we competed , we watched the other competitors . we all got medals for participating !
on the train , headed to dinner . she had a hard time deciding on what to eat . leaving a tip for the excellent entree a little wine before we head out ! we were surprised to see a cat walking out of the restaurant !
turning one years old is a big deal for penelope . the neighbor 's baby also came to celebrate penelope 's birthday . my sister gave her a gift that was wrapped twice . the children were immediately attracted to this game . the neghbor 's boy played in the tube before he went home .
[male] and helga went for a fun trip to the mountains . this is helga all snuggled up and warm . the snow was pretty thick . [male] is pointing at some dark clouds in the distance . [male] and helga were found a week later dead and frozen in their vw .
our city sponsored an easter egg hunt and party . the kids were rewarded for finding certain eggs . after the egg hunt , there was a three-legged race . then they had a performer entertain the children with tricks . finally , it was time for the easter bunny to show up and greet everybody !
we went house shopping , a early in a quiet [female] morning . there was an auto accident on the road , though , and by the time we arrived the realtor could n't show us around anymore . so we decided to sight-see a bit ! all the long reeds of wheat were stunning to see up close . the heavy fog on the nearby farm made me feel nostalgic for the time when i used to live on one . we picked a few flowers for home , and went off .
as i was visiting location , i saw many different local vendors with their carts at the street markets . i decided to stop inside one of the markets one day to get some fresh fish . as i walked through the market , i could n't help but notice all of the different items for sale . i even came across one market with already filleted cuts of fish that were about to be smoked . as i was exiting the market , there was an assortment of fireworks on display that i just could n't pass up .
i held a dinner party for some friends . [male] is n't a very nice guy . [male] played guitar for us . my dog seemed to enjoy the company . the drinking got a little out of hand .
the northpole has become a family tradition for us . each year my sister , brother , and i bring our families . the beautifully decorated trees bring nostalgic smiles to our faces . the ornaments seem become more complex each year . the trip puts our families in the christmas spirit and kick off the holiday season for us .
today is a fun filled day of events . singers are all around and they even have a best costume contest . some of the people get to sing while dressed in their costume . the fun part is meeting all the people and getting to see their neat costumes . and the winner walks away with a set of beautiful roses .
it was such a pretty day outside . our home is my favorite place to relax . the beach is the next place i go . my family and i usually travel by bus . but we always end up together at the beach .
a group of friends took a trip to the beach . a few of us took an excursion on a sailboat . after we frolicked on the beach and chased some seagulls . after we watched the sunset at the end of the day .
welcome to my vacation . checking out the bar . having a cold drink and enjoying the ocean . friends hanging out together . time to visit the big city .
we started our walk near the fountain i pushed grandma up the street from there to get her some fresh air . she really enjoyed it and the sun was n't to bad . we went by the same old buildings i grew up around . then passed the roses and back to the house .
my boss showed me the new furniture collection line . it had some organic form vases . it had a hole in the center . he showed me some of the new texture he wanted to use . he put it on a couch .
the event made the breaking news of the local newspaper . the long awaited certificate was presented in the most formal way . i still remember the style of the building . the box got misplaced before the ceremony , but was found in the nick of time . everything ended with a diner prepared by our local caterer .
insects can be found everywhere in the natural world . they live in a range on environments . some like to hide beneath the leaves . others like to fly from flower to flower . small or large , insects are ubiquitous .
after all that training marathon day finally came . of course it was wet and gloomy but that did n't stop us from having plenty of fun . some of the fans even got in the spirit of running . of course we had unique personalities trying to stay dry . and [male] even made it to the podium for the first time ever . congrats [male] !
the whole family went out today on this carnival . my son decided he wanted to sweep for the carnival . my other son was playing around with a horse . we saw a kid about to perform with his large guitar . we even decided to play at a booth to try and win a stuffed animal .
another trip just when i was looking forward to relaxing at home . i 'm flying into the dawn , but all i want to do is curl up and go back to bed . touch down . why does everyone still clap ? a delay is exactly what i did not need . we are already here . let us out . the captain just announce we will need to sit here for three hours while they repair a mechanical issue .
i went on a nature hike today . i especially loved all of the flowers . the rock formations and water were beautiful too . this one was especially interesting . i ca n't believe i found some wild roses .
we found what looked like a fish made out of palm leaves on the beach today . it happened while we were snorkeling and we decided to take a break . we then capped the day off with some surfing and wakeboarding . that night , we watched the fireworks . it was one of the best 4th of july we 've ever had .
we had an absolutely amazing time on our vacation . what an incredible landmark . we loved the view of the water from here and the boat . here was a great memorial we got to view . check this windmill out absolutely incredible . we were not too sure about this ritual . so , we just observed from afar .
friends spending a day skiing . taken in the view of the mountainous landscape . friends having fun while skiing after a long day of skiing , lunch . wash the lunch down with a glass of wine .
we went sightseeing today ! first we went for a walk along the beach . it was a beautiful day , but a little bit chilly , so we did n't swim . then we went on a tour of a museum . at the end of the day , we went for frozen yogurt .
my friend and i went traveling around location last summer . we walked through the market and met a man selling meat . we stayed in this dumpy hotel . the view from the hotel was a graffitied out abandoned building . there was an artist who set up toys on the ground outside our hotel .
living on the farm means lots of things to take care of , including all these chickens . luckily i have help from my loyal companion . she 's never been one to be shy in front of a camera . farm life means plenty of good , fresh food . which makes for some dinners you just ca n't get anywhere else .
the sisters are having drinks to celebrate . it 's our little sister 's baby shower and she 's looking at the gifts . she opened the present to find it 's a gift for a baby toy . another present is a baby 's outfit . everyone is gathered around the table to watch her open her gifts .
uncle [male] had no idea that we had planned a surprise party . aunt [female] found a bunch of pictures of him as a boy and put them up all over . he has always been the proverbial , `` crazy uncle '' . not even dad is safe from [male] 's shenanagins . i think he had a great day of family , memories and fun .
the kids were getting ready for the day . the streets were full of life that day . the father made breakfast for the kids . the father was still hungry and got himself a snack . the kids always love to visit grandma .
the guys decided to take a trip to location together . they were surprised to see the car that the rental company gave them . their first stop was this brewery . inside the brewery was some amazing stone decorations . they liked the view from atop the brewery , they could see the whole city .
the group has decided to celebrate this anniversary in style , with sweatshirts made especially for the occasion . the more traditional token of celebration is this birthday cake . the group has found camaraderie around the common bond of the user group . the group is pretty good sized and likes chasing the solution to problems . the solutions help them all . however , the real payoff is not the solutions , it is the friendships that have been found .
one couple decided to take a road trip . along the way , they stopped at a cute cafe , saw an architecturally beautiful bridge , and stayed at the beach for a little while . they had so much fun together on their little adventure
[female] was excited for her trip to the mountains . she could n't wait to climb them and see those snowy tops up close . like really , really close . but most of all she was looking forward to reveling in the natural , peaceful beauty of the mountain range .
a group of people gather together in a large room . a man in a tie poses with children . the man takes a picture with just the young girl . adults and children gather together for pictures . they all pose for pictures to remember their day .
this person has a shot glass from location location . great shot glass with the shark on the side . someone went to location location and brought back a shot glass . what happens in location stays in location . a double shot glass is always appreciated .
the issue of fracking was apparent on the minds of new yorkers . a demonstration showed their disdain for fracking . during their demonstration , children walked around with a flag . other children walked with banners . parents and teachers accompanied other kids .
there are lots of large buildings all crammed together in the city . this building looks enormous from this angle . this building really stands out in the city skyline . it must be scary to work on a building that far up . so much activity in these buildings .
it was grandma 's 80th birthday . the whole family was celebrating . grandma sliced the cake for [male] , her youngest grandchild . grandpa made a lovely speech saying that grandma was the most wonderful woman in the world . [male] 's father [male] took photos to commemorate the day . grandma and [male] laughed together over a card [male] had made for grandma . grandpa , after so much talking , treated himself to birthday cake .
[male] and his friends stood around talking . in the meanwhile others took to the boat . [female] was starving of thirst . [male] and [female] oared their boat energetically in the silent waters . and the afternoon concluded with some good food .
girl is holding a water hose in hands and is now turning the water on she is using it to cleaning the glass door i believe she is suppose to water the pot behind her . now she 's cleaning the whole window
i pulled off to the side of the road to take a few pictures of the view . one of the pictures included this lovely seagull , completely by chance . i had n't planned to go to the beach but could n't resist after seeing the teal blue water . the beach trip paid off and i saw some incredibly interesting marine life . my trip was enhanced even more after we visited the bar on the beach .
and everyone wants to help with the new addition to the house . some methods of aid are more helpful than others , though . picking out the perfect tree is an outing in its own right . something to bring the entire family together to observe carefully and ensure the perfect pick . in the end it 's a day well spent .
[female] 's favorite cafe is french . they have a great drink menu filled with different types of coffees and tees , but best of all , they have great breakfast foods that you can mix with lunch sandwiches ! the outside of the building has fancy french architecture , and the inside definitely reflects the outside . she loves feeling like she 's in a foreign country when she goes to this cafe .
the art was interesting along the building . a man was celebrating with a balloon at the beach .
[female] 's first photo as a baby . [female] 's school photo . posing for the photo to record this day . mom , dad and [female] in there first family photo . a family get together on the front porch .
this is the view from our room of the early morning light diffused through the fog . some of the beautiful fall foliage right outside the place where we stayed . once we 'd woken up for the morning , we went on our annual fall hike , these are some of the buildings near the area camp we started our hike from . we passed a disused rail track that ran off into the distance . driving around and walking around location location during the change of leaves can be nice , but it 's also best to keep your eyes on the road and not get in a wreck like these people did !
the couple took a picture next to the stream . we took a trip on the train to the clubhouse . this lady was playing piano in the corner . we all celebrated and drank in the bar . when we got outside , it was still daylight .
i ca n't wait to hear what 's in store for tonight . i love listening to these speakers . this duo got the crowd into it . they sure made everyone take notice on their second song . once this happened , everyone got up from their seats .
the outside setting was vast and immaculate . the rocks were grand and massive . we used the historical guide to understand what we were seeing . there was a long trail through the forest to the deli . when we got to the deli , we ate for an hour .
there was a group of friends who decided to go on a trip together . they flew over seas to on a journey of a lifetime . they spent their days on the beach enjoying the sun and the water . soon the days turned to nights and passed by until it was almost the last day . and the friends sat and watched the sun set on their tropical island adventure .
i went hiking last week . i was in a new area , and i decided to explore . the views were vast and serene . i had gone a long way from home . i found a pool of water , where rested for the end of the day .
the festival featured musical talent playing various instruments . the festival featured a combination of irish and other cultures . this man , in a kilt was celebrating both irish and japanese culture this man admires both countries flags . at the end of the day , the crowds began to disperse .
we took a trip by car . we took a tour of historical buildings . there were a few people at this attraction . a student is seen doing her work on the stairs . lastly , we enjoyed our time here .
this sorceress loves to brag about the people she turns into statues . this is a man she turned into a lion because he was rude to her . here are a couple of men who laughed at her , so she turned them into stone cats . her favorite one was turning her lazy dad into a bear while he watched tv . i realized why she brought me to see this . she waved her hand to say goodbye and i was frozen in place forever .
the ocean side town was mostly a fishing town . people did cavort on the beach from time to time . mostly for to entertain their children . kids loved the water . dad 's love to fish , especially at night .
the cruise ship staff worked to get the ship ready for the guests to arrive . one guest in particular , [male] , was so excited when he got to his room . he could n't wait for the ship to stop at private beaches , while his wife [female] could n't wait to parasail .
we went to the world of wheels car show we got to see new innovated automobiles organization was showing their future car for 2019 we had a blast and hope to go again soon who knows maybe i will own this some day
moving into a new house became nerve-wrecking , but there 's always moments when you have to adapt to changes . the next door neighbor was nice and gave my family a good vibe . surprisingly the previous owners did n't trash the house , the kitchen was spotless . let 's hope that no creatures break through the small door in my sisters . my room had two qualities that i adore : plain and simple .
they went on a trip to the old church and saw the grave site of the people who used to attend there . they saw the church where the people in that town practiced their religion . the daughter took a picture outside of the church . the daughter took pictures in the classroom where the children used to learn . they took pictures of the classroom .
[female] is playing softball for her school 's team . [female] throws the balls to the batter the batter hits the balls the batter is able to slide to first base when no one is looking the batter is able to make it to second base
it was finally christmas morning ! little [male] could n't believe location had really came to his house ! he played with his new chair toy location brought him [male] played with his little brother [male] on christmas morning they were so happy and excited location brought them lots of toys !
the presents were under the tree . the stockings were stuffed with care . the organization truck was ready for its new owner . the dog was tired out by all the activity . the boy was very excited to go outside and play with his new toys .
the holidays were wonderful for my family this year . the kids were having a blast and were very well behaved . the table was set nicely for our holiday meal . there were tons of gifts available for everyone ! we ended the night by playing cards and talking .
we arrived at the museum and , of course , [male] could n't help himself and immediately jumped on the statue . as we entered , we suddenly realized where we were . this was an odd place that had much history ; albeit some weird . and , some strange nudity from the past that would be placed next to a weird family portrait . we had our fill and quickly exited .
i ate a lot of dessert today . they had a huge selection . i also ate some fruit afterward . i went to the event . there was a sign telling me to find my own seat .
we all came downtown by bicycle and met on the corner . we would have came by stretch hummer , but we were poor and could n't afford the gas . by going to the cafeteria we could afford some energy food for ourselves though . a little taco and a little organization and we were good to go . it was a good night but we had a long ride home .
we went to a convention today . there where a lot of people there . we talked with a lot of people . we also filled out a number of forms . it was a great day .
we hit the road to go out to the local train tracks . we arrived right as an old train was just leaving . we walked around and admired some of its features . once we got to the back , we headed back to the front . when we where done , we got back in the car and headed out .
the waves were crashing along the beach . the rocks were huge and you could walk through them . it was a good beach day .
i went on a tour of famous stained glass windows at a very old church . the windows were really beautiful and colorful . the window behind the pulpit was very large and depicted scenes of christ 's birth . on my way back to my hotel , i walked through the cemetery of the church . i thought about everything i had seen that day and could n't wait to get back to look at my pictures .
it is a party with people from a company . [female] is really getting into the party with a glass of wine . the co workers sit down to eat . [male] is in the kitchen whipping up delicious food . fun at the after party .
this is a house that is being put up for sale . the owner is nearby checking to see if there 's any damages . the kitchen is old but still functional . the wallpaper needs a bit of an upgrade though . this is the children 's room that also needs to be repainted .
we were stuck in traffic due to this wreck on the road . we were stuck so long we hiked up here to take a photo of the wreck . finally they got machines in to move the wreck . after they cleaned the road they let us through . but the truck that wrecked was still off to the side .
this small fishing town along the coast brings in some of the best fish sold in the local markets . they head out daily to get their hauls before too many non commercial fishermen get out there . one of their biggest competitors are the pelicans though . most come in before they need to rely on the lighthouse in case of bad weather . they all agree hands down that fish or no fish the sunsets ca n't be beat .
as i took a stroll around my neighboorhood , i saw one of my neighbors house is close to a cemetery . this was the entrance to that cemetery . the next stop on the stroll , led me to a church , where the inside was quite peaceful . this lady sat here for over an hour reading her bible , and she did not even notice me . my daughter wanted a picture with the church as her background .
my boyfriend and i took a cruise in location . the view from the boat was incredible . it took us two hours by taxi to get to the dock . our family was there to see us off . afterward , we relaxed on the beach .
visiting my local comedy club this often has gotten me used to some pretty impressive performances . such as a performance where to comedians bring a lot of satire while sitting on a couch and talking as if they are in your living room . or instances where a bunch of different comedians pretend to be at a party , each thing of random things about the other . of course you also get instances were two comedians go at it , not just with words , but physical humor . last but not least however ; are those comedians who can play well and tell great jokes to .
my journey to location location was a lot of fun . i saw the statue of liberty . i ate at organization organization . it was delicious ! i stayed at a friends house . she welcomed me with open arms and a huge smile . the lunches she made were amazing . but the dinners she made were exquisite . i could stay here forever .
the fluffy clouds were rolling past the sun . you could barely see the rays of sunlight from behind the clouds . birds were flying around in search of dinner . other birds were soaring high and free . the sun set in the horizon and ushered in the evening .
our vacation featured great views of the beach . she kicked off her shoes for a stroll through the grass . we were entertained by the local band . the fire handlers were very exciting to watch . the day has set on our vacation , but the memories last forever .
it was finally our turn to ride the ferris wheel . we were able to see the whole city from above . we could even see the busier sides of the town . we saw many buildings and cars . we also saw a mini farmers market .
once while i was n vacation in this nice brick hotel . i woke up and took my dog trixie for a walk . trixie ran around and enjoyed the fresh air . we had lots of fun playing fetch together . after a while she got tired and had to take a rest .
a western lady visited an asian kitchen . the chef demonstrated how to make noodles . they all sat down to eat a feast . they had their own version of fried crullers . the lady poses with two kitchen workers .
living in this neighborhood for years , we have had fires nearby that have threatened our home in the past . this fire is so intense that this time we had to evacuate . what do we take that can not be replaced besides our loved ones and pets ? due to the intensity of the situation we must think quickly . thank god help is finally here ! my family is so grateful that with all these fireman have to deal with , they are here to help save our home .
the brown family held their annual reunion at the amusement park . the picnic was fun for all ages ! along the midway , there were so many games to play and goodies to eat . grandma and aunt [female] went everywhere [male] wanted to go -- what good sports ! this roller coaster was very popular , but it 's much too high for me . i thought this one would be more relaxing , but it had some scary twists and turns that surprised me . still , i loved it !
first the person took a wide photo of the crash for his insurance claim . then the person needed a close up photo of the impact zone . after the van was moved there was a need for the window damage photo . then a photo of the inside of the door . as well as a full shot of the side of the car .
took my mom on a wondering vacation and she was so happy . the kids wanted to take a photo standing next to this amazing sculpture . this building was my favorite . i love photographing huge old buildings with tower clocks . this bridge had a wonderful rainbow glow that was beautiful . i took this amazing photo with the fisheye lens .
my friends and i went out to eat last night . we had to take the subway to the restaurant . the walking to the establishment was long . there were so many people on the streets . i was happy and hungry to get there .
the view from the airplane on the first day of vacation . a beautiful villa int e distance . the setting sun over the horizon . a gorgeous view from our hotel room . the morning sun as we drink coffee from out hotel .
a man taking a picture under a beautiful tree . out in the open fields , with live cattle allowed to roam around freely . as well as the ducks walking around unhindered . the box on the tree shows the simplicity of country living . and the wide open spaces , with the lakes , the mountains , and the trees exudes much peace .
the evening in the waters just beginning to sail outward . when the water is still it 's more relaxing . just sitting on the dock and imagining how great it is . when the sun has set all the way just beyond the horizons it ; s like a bold bright light . a picture perfect as if you can walk on waters .
[female] and [male] went on a date to the local community event . their friend [female] also decided to tag along as a third wheel . there was a fighting event and [male] tried out some ribbon dancing . the lovey-dovey couple had to call it quits early when it began to rain .
we bought an old house . it needed a lot of work . the walls were listing . the paint was pealed off . there were bugs coming in ?
we decided to visit the town nearby , as we are in the market for a new house . i loved this house , but i do not like corner lots , plus it was not for sale . i like that the church is within the community . in addition , the cemetery where my grandmother is buried , is located within the neighborhood as well . my husband thought this was a house , but i had to let him know it was a tunnel .
the street down town was very busy . there were a lot of people out that day . the building at the edge of town had a lot of glass windows . the cruise ship was docking for a visit . the building i wanted to see was being redone .
the kids really enjoyed the 4th of july picnic . [female] had fun blowing bubbles . [male] did n't get the hang of it quite as quickly , though . [female] ended up making a friend . at the end of the day we shared a patriotic cake .
the zoo is a great place to see elephants . it 's also a great place to see the long necked giraffes and the long legged flamingos . penguins can also be found there , and visitors can participate in feeding and taking care of the animals .
time for our annual cult ritual . these are our sacred headdresses that are used in the ritual . the elders of the group leading us to our ritual site . our elders singing the scared words . time to start dancing around the sacred fire .
a group of guys were looking forward to skiing at a weekend ski tournament . one of the guys in the group found ski clothing in the loudest colors he could find for the occasion . one of the guys dressed up in a crazy looking clown outfit and red cowboy hat . one of the men in the group wore the organization organization organization costume that he wore when taking his son out on halloween just months earlier . `` fatbat '' was everyone 's favorite costume out of the group .
the lake was lined with concrete-like structures . it did not hamper the fisherman . if you needed a place to relax the deck served that purpose well . and the tree served as a great conversation piece with its sprawling branches . the large spider interrupted her thoughts as she yelled in fear .
the trip into the city made for a great walk . we even saw some great art along the way . as well as a sticky note oriented protest . we stopped to have some great dessert at a restaurant . on the walk home we could see a beautiful full moon .
my family and i love christmas morning ! everyone loves being together and opening presents . [female] is excited to open her presents . this big present was exactly what she wanted . but at the end of the day we are always all tuckered out .
this is our hometown after a tornado hit it . somehow half the church 's roof blew off . giant trees were uprooted . many cars were totaled . the whole town was literally a disaster zone and the streets were blocked .
we visited the toy store and there were many different dolls . then there were many different types of stuffed animals . they had characters hanging from the wall . then there was many different types of toys . finally , we came to many different kinds of models .
took a trip to florida . this is our lavish hotel . nice is n't it ? local animals , they looks scary . oh , real flamingos , better than seeing the plastic yard flamingos . here is a sunbathing pelican . i think it 's a pelican .
i drove all the way up to meet my college advisor . didnt seem like i was the only one . nor did they pull out any stops . oh look atleast theres some balloons . maybe i should rethink my choices .
it was a beautiful day out on the ocean the sun shined so brightly on the building and the steps had so much history behind them this was a perfect day to go out for a boat ride so we got the boat and decided to set sail
i got some aloe vera last week . it is very good for you . i also bought a statue . and this to hang on my wall . i had a great time shopping .
this is a picture of a parade . people are dressing up . this is a picture of people dressing up . a woman is wearing a white wig . this is a picture of a woman wearing red .
i went to a hobby shop in location today . they had all these cute dolls . they even had dolls from some shows i 've watched . in the back , there were more figures . they have had models for me to build !
we celebrated [male] 's birthday . everyone was really happy . [male] was having a blast . we really love our family . they where all very helpful in making this party a success .
arrived at the camp grounds , everything is going alright . we pitched the tent , not a trouble in sight . the fire is set to light up the evening . dinner was cooked and kept fresh thanks my friend [male] . while [male] sat under a table heavy with breathing .
while i was walking by the water , i found some ducks swimming . then i came across some trees they were all kinds of colors . after that i found some sand castles on the ground . in the distance , i noticed some buildings hidden in the trees . i walked back to the sand castles to build on them some more .
[male] , [female] and their son [male] are prepared to celebrate a joyful little milestone in their lives . [male] is wearing his party hat and [male] 's brother presents [male] with a cake . they photograph the cake so that its design will be remembered . [male] opens gifts in fron of a homemade rubics cube . the party if over , and the family has marked one more year in [male] 's life .
i went to the reptile zoo a few days ago . it had a bus that you could sit on to eat . we went up to the window to get our food . as you can see , it was very good bbq food . we had a few drinks and then went home to sleep .
several children gathered together at their friend 's house during the summer to celebrate the 4th of july with small firecrackers . they picked from a box of several different fireworks . they set off bottlerockets in the street as the sun set . some of the parents gathered in the backyard to supervise other children who wanted to swim . they children were having so much fun , they continued to swim well into the evening , after the moon came out .
this is my car . i really love my car . here is a picture of the steering wheel . i use it to control where my car is going . i drive south on highway 101 . even though i have a flashy car and love to drive , i always obey the speed limit . i finally arrive at my destination .
people are coming to the band while they play their song . they are going to start to perform their song . then they start and play they guitar as they sing . one person out the group is into his song while singing it . the sun is setting and everyone is sitting out watching them perform .
these people were here for the parade . there were life size teddy bears . a lot of people walked the streets . there were intricate floats . even mickey mouse was there .
multiple cars were damaged in the accident by the same pole . the organization appears to have been hit by a organization making a left hand turn . witnesses and drivers surrounded the area to tell their stories . the organization seemed to sustain the most damage . fortunately the police arrived to take the report in a timely manner .
the performers were ready to rock it out that night at the concert . the man is seen getting ready to start the music . the man is focused intensely on playing the right beats . the man is seen performing to the crowd in his hat . the backup vocal man is seen performing to the crowd .
our tour guide was knowledgeable . he knew all the areas to explore . we traveled uncharted trails . saw neat natural wonders . took in the sights all around .
abandoned places are sometimes the prettiest . the structures may be rusted , but their patterns still remain . they may not be as pretty as they once were , but there 's a subtle , different kind of beauty to empty places
we went to the beach for our honeymoon . it was a very romantic trip . we got to see many different things . my favorite was watching the sun set over the beach . it was amazing to spend the time with the love of my life experiencing this .
the race had just begun ! all competitors were at the top of their game . to keep it a little more fun than serious , some even wore bunny ears as they ran . fairy wings , too ! it did n't matter who was running , they all tried their best .
work was very boring today . i was the only one there . there was nothing to do on the schedule . the view from the window was nice . i decided to leave after working for a couple of hours .
our family was planning a long road trip we gathered our stuff at the storage space , and set out on the road . when we arrived at the beach house we were staying at , it was gorgeous and modern ! we went hiking on the beach and saw beautiful scenery . when it was time to go home , i did n't want to leave .
it was time for a play date with me and my best friends little ones . the both seemed like they were having fun . i got to pose here with my baby . this was nice , a chance to do something different . the date was over time to go home .
each hand-crafted bundle will sell for charity , a different charity for each . pink , of course , represents a breast cancer charity . blue represetns a clean water charity . blue and white together represents a general , environmental charity . i really hope you 'll choose to purchase one of these bundles and help fund generous efforts the world over !
being from the country , we were n't used to buildings like this . it seemed strange that people were just selling things on the street . we made sure to stop by and see some history . we even took in some of the local food . some sights were less pleasant than others .
the new city square was really nice and fun , it was definitely worth the wait . this statue was so unique that we had to take a picture of it . this building was still being constructed , but its getting there . the new designs outside was unique , but much needed . this giant mirror ball was awesome , and provided a great photo .
i went to visit my family last week . i was very happy to see my relatives again . they were all excited to see us too . we had a great time hanging out together . afterward we all went to the park with the children .
the virus was wrecking havoc on our city and we turned to god for help . someone suggested the virus was brought by the men on the strange boat that had recently docked . some continued to pray at whatever cross they found . others met at the windmill to discuss the matter . it was decided that the strangers had to go , so we formed an angry mob .
the water was so calm this morning . the festival brought out a lot of nice people . aunt [female] started singing old folk songs . the city lit up when the sun went down . the morning after , we went for a picnic in the park .
it was the night of the 1st annual `` vloggies '' awards dinner . every serious vlogger was invited : human or not . everyone was dressed to the 9s in their sunday best . that night , they were presenting a giant check for $ 2000 to the best vlogger . the winner was interviewed by `` mr quackers '' from the `` click clack quick quack '' vlog .
they arrived in the quaint seaside town . they checked into their hotel which had a lovely view of the beach . they explored some nearby ancient ruins , when for a long walk through the town , and visited many local tourist attractions .
the building the class took place in was amazing . it was cold outside but inside was cozy and warm . pregnant women gathered to learn the importance of natural minerals . loving husbands joined hem . some women were skeptical of the all natural view but took in the information anyway .
the kids playing on the 4th of july [male] and mom on a blanket waiting for the fireworks she kept asking when the fireworks were supposed to start ! the kids blowing bubbles to pass the time nothing more patriotic than a delicious dessert
me and my son decided to take a nice walk on the beach . we both were admiring the scenery . there were many people on the beach . afterwards , we started driving home . we made some nice curry stew to end the night .
visited the town of mcdonough today . it was cold but at least the sun was shining . this is the marker claiming this is the largest , living longest christmas tree . the organization organization . they do n't carry much but can order what you need . organization organization and laundry . this is pretty much the entire town . the old church in town . that is the end of our visit , it did n't take long .
they vacationed in a beautiful resort . there were beaches . there were towns nearby to explore . other hotels were nearby . the sunset view was lovely on the beach .
i absolutely love my new kitty . i adopted her from the spca . she loves to play with things . she loves to look out the window . she is really friendly towards me even though i just got her . i just ca n't get enough of her !
my friend decided to take a personal shot before the game . then we plotted how we would play the game together . my girlfriend brought a gun to the room . i love this girl for her excitement and dedication . we ate some fast food for dinner .
i went for road trip to the local beach town nearby . this is my brother standing near the lighthouse . this is my brother and his son at the beach . my nephew had a great time as he learned to ride a body board . by the end of the day he was learning to ride like a pro .
we are having a great time at the lake watching the boats and engaging in conversation . there is nothing like spending a day at the lake just watching the boats and people fish . we also have the perfect view of the city from where we sat . the boats decided to come out and show us a bit of racing . we were all relaxed just sitting back talking and getting ready for the race .
we took a trip to the mountains . we took a break to enjoy the view . this was a structure we were unfamiliar with . the waves crashed violently . lastly , we got a better view of the waters .
after arriving to their destination , a photo is taken to commemorate the occasion . they walk through the grand city , exploring what types of attractions are available . after looking at historical murals , a picture is taken for later reference . a relaxing walk through the cold city reminds them how far from home they are . after a long day , the family settles down for a friendly chat and drinks .
dad and [male] tearing around the house on christmas . spot really liked his new christmas toy . our family posing for a photo before we opened presents . all of the girls together on the couch . [male] playing with his new toys after presents .
we got our parents to go out with us tonight . both sets of parents agreed , but they wanted to have dinner first . after that , we took them to our favorite pool hall . my friend 's mom really loosened up after a few drinks . it turned out to be a great night .
we had our fire station reunion last weekend . we started the day with a prayer . then we brought out the old firetruck . the kids loved getting to go inside the truck . a great time was had by all .
the girl loves lots of things around her house , especially her dog . her mom is fun because she will dress up with her and practice dance moves . dad loves it when they nap together on the weekend . they also get to meet the newest family member this week and attend her dance recital . she is excited to perform for her family and the crowd that came to watch .
the man had a stressful day , so he decided to take a walk along the beach . the ocean looked glorious as the sun was setting . the man sat on a rock and contemplated his life . he had to leave his rock as the tide began to come in . he slowly walked home , wading in the water .
[female] [female] joined the hiker society for her first overnight trip today . she was relieved that hike leader [male] brown approved of her equipment . there 's always one . everyone wearing jackets , but [male] still has on shorts . the group got off to a good start at the base of the trail . after a tough scramble up the last stretch of mountainside , everyone gratefully relaxed around the blazing campfire .
this week we went on a trip to location ! this is an old building that we see near the shore . breathtaking ! here 's a sculpture that we saw while in the main part of the city . here 's me and my friend soaking up the sun during lunch . here 's a little bar we went to during the evening . we had a great time !
two girls from my class ( [female] olson and [female] halverson ) pose in front of a power 's whiskey , location 's best ! lucky charms is magically delicious and so is this beautiful valley just south of location , location . after finally arriving at the world 's fair our group 's first stop was the horticulture section and this local irish fellow was so nice to pose for me . sometimes the animals like this huge sheep ( i think ) need some serious prodding and man handling to move them along . this is the other bus our group was riding in ahead of us on our way back to location after a long but fun day .
on our vacation we found something in the dirt we had to take a picture of . we are n't really sure what is was . we made our way across the golden gate bridge . we got to the top of the mountain and on the way back we took of picture of the bridge that was over exposed .
my best friend , [male] , and i loved to go on long road trips . we would wander by automobile up and down the coast . some interesting foods were discovered on our adventures . there were also excellent concert stops . i will remember [male] for the rest of my drive on the road of life .
the guys spent there day visiting the city . they stopped to get a beer when they got to their destination . after the bar they stepped into the fresh air on this large green lawn . they took the time to read the signs to direct them where to go next . they ended the day at the marina .
this what happens at our late night study seeions we take sefies of the most craziest things we also hang aroung do n't forget the drinks
we finally arrived at our vacation destination and arrived at night time . we had to take a subway to get to our hotel . this is a picture of the subway station . after we got off of the subway , we were in the big beautiful city . this is the view from outside of our hotel . it 's a very busy city life ! this is the entryway to our beautiful hotel . we are going to have a beautiful stay !
we got to the center of the city and started looking for some food . we went by a couple of restaurants to see what we could find . the lights in the city around us where amazing . we finally stopped off and got some food . we ate and conversed for a few hours after .
[male] said his home was just beyond the castle walls . as we traveled down the path to the castle we could not help but to wonder how [male] came to live in such a place . we eventually came to the stairwell and was nearly too afraid to travel down . it lead to an opening in the castle where we would soon find [male] 's home . finally , we found the quite mansion tucked quietly where he could not be disturbed .
me and my group are very involved with the `` save the location location '' movement . we went on a day to take pictures of damaged buildings and coast line like this . this wall is degrading and may fall apart if people such as my group do not intervene . here is another example of some of the degradation we faced on our trip . it is possible to transform places like this back to glory . we just need to keep coming back and working hard !
we 're having funny looking goofy today . check out this ridiculous growth coming out from the back of my head . cool shades and feeling raunchy . we 're in this thing together as they say . i am stretched both literally and figuratively . yo !
we went to a hockey game . we took a pregame selfie ! here are my friends that we ran into . i felt asleep during the middle of the game though . it was kind of a lackluster time .
my friends came to pick me up for a concert today . the traffic was pretty crazy all the way there . we finally found a place to park and walked to the venue . the opening band was pretty good . but the main event was completely awesome .
family gatherings for the location home were always fun and had delicious food . it was a tradition to serve stuffed tomatoes . the family then enjoys something a little different . pasta- american style . they enjoyed dessert of rice pudding topped with berries . after dinner [male] showed the family pictures of his recent vacation .
the front of the mall was somewhat crowded . i ran past them and took the escalator down . after shopping for a few hours , i returned to the street . i tried to catch a cab but a bush blocked me . i decided to just walk back to my hotel .
the daughter loved her horse . so did her mother . everyone got to perform with their horses . everyone was very impressed . but eventually it got late and the fun had to end . the stands cleared out .
last night we decided to head out to see one of our friend 's band . there was a little bit of traffic leading up to the venue . we were all dressed up in our casual rock concert gear . [male] really rocked the house that night . he was really into it . we had a blast and i hope we get to do this again sometime soon .
we decided to visit a third world country . the fields look different than the ones we are used to . we saw locals at the fields . we used our bikes to get to our destination . lastly , we took a stroll in the fields to get inspiration .
the car collector held a display of classic emergency vehicles . an ambulance from the 1960s was featured prominently . the logo paint was well-maintained . the design of the logos were simple and clean . the oldest vehicle there was built in the late 1940 's .
my father took me on a horse drawn carriage to visit the local farm . he showed me one of the other horses he was raising . when we came to the sheep pen , i saw my little cousin playing with one . the pigs had just eaten and were just sleeping in their pen . the cows were sleeping too .
it was saturday night . most of the people who came to the party were coworkers , and they were n't sure they would have fun . after people started mingling , the atmosphere picked up . some people reconnected with old friends . after awhile , everyone started dancing . the party was a success .
today was the annual location location bikathon . we had [female] 's cart attached to my bike . [female] had her own overhead cover to protect from the heat . i saw some kids in a trolly resembling a boat . this kid had no bike . pretty sad sight .
some friends and i went to a local conference . the first speaker spoke about goals . the next speaker was my favorite , because he was interesting and funny . all of my friends and i took a picture together . we even included the speakers in our pic .
the family got together for a dinner gathering . they rented a place for one day . we are so glad we got reunited because it 's been awhile since we seen each other . a few of us got together separately to take some photos . we also took some photos of each one of by ourselves at the family gathering . the day is almost over . just a little more reminiscing and then we all have to go home .
there was a large family gathering for a birthday party . these two cousins had n't seen each other for a long time . one of the brothers brought his new girlfriend . he looks very pleased that everyone liked her . here he is again , having a great night !
[female] prepares the birthday cake for the birthday boy . the birthday boys father is recording the party . it 's time to cut the cake for the birthday boy . mom is cutting the cake for everyone . grandma is watching her sweet grandchild blow the candles out .
they spent the day cross-country skiing . there was a restaurant off in the distance . they looked over the menu , eager for some hot food . a rich meaty meal with fresh bread . everyone devoured the fettucine alfredo , the perfect sustenance .
on the first day of our vacation , we went sight-seeing on the edge of a rocky cliff . we hiked across a grassy plain and enjoyed the weather . on the next day , we visited the nearby city . all of the buildings were tall and magnificent . at the end of the day , everyone was tired of adventuring and ready for bed .
i was so excited to be going on a tour of the guiness brewery . they had so many beers , they let us sample them all . i stopped and had a couple beers with the brew master . they even took us to the top of the brewery , it had a great view . i had a great time at the brewery , i ca n't wait to come again .
a family went to the zoo the child wore a costume of a monkey . the family walked through the park and saw some interesting animals the second bay rode in a stroller the family gathered for lunch to eat .
it 's a couple 's anniversary and a friend made a cake for them . they have a small gathering with a couple of friends and take a picture . the couple 's children are busy with their electronics but they had time to take a picture . the couple 's daughter made a visit to their house and took a picture with them . she brought them a present and it turns out to be an organization shirt .
the bikes were lined up in a row , just waiting for their bikers to get on and go for a ride . the flowers as well were just lined up waiting for the riders to ride through them , so the bikers got on their bikes and road through the beautiful flowers on this crisp , clear day .
the woman decided to go for a bike ride along the beach . the photographer set up for an action shot , with the beach and waves in the background . the photographer then caught the woman racing toward him . during the ride , they snapped photos of the water and the sand . at the end of the ride , she posed for a picture . she had a great time on the ride .
here is the entrance to the shrine we visited today . the shrine , after entering through the gate . a display case at the temple of things that can be purchased . prayers and wishes tied to tree branches by visitors to the shrine . here is dragon statue i saw as we left the shine .
they make their way to the cafe for breakfast . she studies the menu while the young boy smiles . what will we have for breakfast ? it looks like bread and sauces . a closeup of the goodies .
i had a great time yesterday . i went on a tour of the old ruins . it was beautiful . there were so many interesting areas . after we spent all afternoon there we went home to get something to eat .
there was a parade going on . the first thing up was a fire truck . a man watched on . later on there was a street party . it ended with a big fireworks show .
we were thankful to have found such a beautiful cake for their anniversary , at the last minute . everyone was grateful to be able to be there for the occasion . the cousins talked and laughed about memories of when the business first started up . it is nice to have such a wonderful team behind the company . at the end we handed out memorabilia so everyone can remember that we are family .
biscuit was looking for a treat . [female] decided to help search . they ran out the door and down the street . they did n't find their treats anywhere . they did find some fireworks !
old england day is a great festivity . everyone in town dresses up and participates , even the mayor ! of course [female] is always the fair princess . [female] loves listening to the music at the dance . the costumes are the most fun , especially the masks .
everyone was really excited to go to location , location to see the next president 's acceptance speech . after driving all day , they camped out on the great lawn outside the capital and spent hours killing time by playing games and chatting . the lawn was crowded with so many people waiting anxiously . everyone was really happy to be there even though they had to wait a long time . as day turned to night , the moment finally arrived and everyone became alert as they were about to witness history .
he 's taking a photo with some beautiful buildings behind him . there 's several people admiring the beautiful building in the background . some beautiful are is displayed on the ceiling . people walking through town sightseeing . a few friends are having a bite to eat .
here we are getting ready for our town 's annual bike tyke parade . the kids really look forward to being in the parade each year . all types of bikes participate . and some boats on wheels too ! the parade is so cute . we always have a great time !
this is when we went to the rodeo . they had a local celebratory sing the organization organization . cowboys were riling up the calfs . another guy kept on the bucking bronco . but the real show was the bull fight . we all had a great time .
its christmas morning and the tree is packed with presents all around . its baby brothers first present . he was so excited to play with his new toys . big brother tried to sit in little brothers chair but he may have been too big . the brothers played together the rest of the day .
we took a city trip this weekend , it was really nice . we took many pictures of the skyline , it was really majestic . the smoke stacks from the chimneys were also impressive . at the end of the day , we also attended the fireworks show . it was really loud because we were right below it .
so we were all hanging out a friends backyard bbq the other night and something odd happened . we all had been drinking and one tends to do at these type of things . when out of the sky this bright light shown bright and then explode as we watched the thing parachute to the ground . attached to the parachute was a alien kitty , we left after that .
a lot of people love to visit historical places on vacation . i like to buy things . there are shops galore to chose from and bargains if you know where to look . we hit this giant fish market and while the deals were good , it stank to high [female] . we found a lot of great things for dinner that night . and cheap too . of course we had to hit the fireworks . i mean c'mon , that is almost tradition in location right ?
this was last 4th of july when we went to a fireworks show . they started off with these smaller ones that were very colorful . then the really big ones started coming out . it seemed like the whole sky was lit up at times . this was the grand finale that really made it a spectacular night .
the final checklist for the graduation ceremony was completed . most of the faculty bothered to show up . the president gave a typically boring speech . finally , the paper is in my hand . meanwhile i want to get a phd from the school that guy went to -- fancy !
christmas has just about wrapped up for this family . the cards have been read and put on the furnace for display . the dinner is about to be eaten . and in no less than 20 minutes the food was gone and dishes stacked . our daughter loves the tea set we got for her .
today is the day of the annual triathlon held in the nearby mountains . the first event is an obstacle course in the lake where you float on surfboards around buoys . then there is a bike challenge where you tackle the steep mountain roads . the bikers are all in great shape and there is a lot of friendly competition . at the end of the race there is a ceremony for the winner and prizes are given to the top athletes in their group .
we were finally ready to visit the wailing wall surrounding the ruins of [male] [male] 's temple . it was awe inspiring . people of many cultures praying to their own deity . side by side at the wall . i wish i could hear the stories this ancient wall could tell .
we pulled into location and were ready for adventure . we jumped on the organization 's and headed into the mountains . we followed a beautiful river for several miles . sadly , we also ran across a western steer that had passed away . we arrived at our destination , high above the location .
while we were traveling we came across a strange building and went to investigate . we saw a large observation tower in the back . we decided to take a closer look and see if we can reach the top . after some debate we climbed to the top for a better view . at the top we witnessed a very beautiful sunset .
taking a walk with her grandfather and her grandmother . on their way to the park they saw a beautiful building . family picture with mom , dad , and son . finally made it to the playground . and she is finally happy and played a lot on the slides .
unfortunately , my uncle [male] had passed away . he was a marine for the united states . a few marines salute my uncle 's grave . it was very solemn . they held a small parade in his honor . lots of people were in attendance . there was a silent prayer being said . it was very beautiful , and brought me to tears . here are some of the junior members for the local marine core . they looked very dapper .
[male] wanted to go to his favorite restaurant for his birthday . the family gathered for the meal . they were happy to spend time together . the baby was not happy so mom had to walk her around . then it was time for the cake , so the family sang happy birthday . the cake was chocolate and he was very happy to eat it . he enjoyed his party very much .
out in the horizon , i saw a spark . i was confused at first , but another one exploded in the air . oh ! they were fireworks ! someone far away was setting out fireworks in the distance . it was quite a beautiful view by the lake .
the nurses ' parade took place last sunday . we all dressed up in great costumes and makeup . gailey dressed like a renaissance doctor . other people dressed like death . some people got so creative , we did n't even know what they were dressed like .
[male] was too distracted by the floats to take a good picture . i think this was my favorite float in the parade . the toy soldiers were [male] 's favorite in the parade . this is a terrible picture to show how intricate this float was . you can never go wrong with [male] and [female] !
[male] is turning one . grandma helps [male] blow out the candle on his little snowman cake . cousin [male] wants to help too . [male] loves his new musical toy . cousin [male] shows him all the noise he can make with it .
my brother was baptized at a catholic church . the baptism was attended by our extended family and friends . we had a dinner party afterwards . my brother took pictures with different friends and relatives . my brother appeared to have a good time on this special day .
tuning up for a little jam session tonight . the lead singer plays the guitar , she has a great voice too . this is an electric guitar that will go well with the sound of an acoustic guitar . when you are in the music you forget about everything around you . this was a cool way to play some music and see what people think about it .
we all met at the club to celebrate his big night . she was sure happy to see me there . we started to take goofy pictures after a few drinks . i think he was even happier to see his friend . it was a great time had by all .
a news reporter came by to our party . my brother 's friend , [male] , trying to open the bottle of champagne . my brother and a group of friends toasting , before taking meal . during lunch we had baked bread and grilled chicken . [male] and his girlfriend laughing at each others ' jokes .
it 's a surprise party ! he makes his wish and blows out the candles . opening up one of many presents . he received a great shirt for his birthday . gaming gloves always make a good gift .
heading to the mountains for a nice weekend . we are almost at the mountains . we have finally arrived at the park . setting up the tent for the night . the mountains were lovely but its time to head home .
today was the super mega rap battle everyone had been waiting for . the announcer said `` mc paster [male] come over ! mc paster [male] had some amazing rhymes it was so good . but then suddenly someone stepped onto the stage . and gave a super fire performance . paster [male] walked away knowing he had been beaten .
included in this buggy is this newly rebuilt motor . this will rev up your fun while off roading . stamped aluminum surrounds the gauges giving it a nice finished look . the buggy seats two , with form-fitting seat , and a four-point rollbar . two extra wheels and tires will allow for quick repairs while out in the field . as buggies go , this one is awesome . it even includes headlights for nighttime fun .
the man is celebrating is 30th birthday today . his wife lights all the candles on his cake . his friends and family sing happy birthday to him . he blew out his candles . afterwards they all go outside to spend time together .
this weekend we had a family bbq at the park got ta love the home made juice i did n't touch this because i had no idea what it was i do n't know who made the ham but man it was good this was my favorite end of the bbq table
the story ends with an article , but it started long before . this woman won a major award . her friends and family were there to witness the event . the award was presented by her best friend . after the ceremony , they enjoyed a wonderful dinner .
my back had been hurting from being on the airplane so long , so i found a pharmacy where i could buy some tylenol . it took a while to kick in ... but , soon i was feeling like my old self . since i was feeling better , we ended up taking a boat ride to see some of the harder to reach places . we even saw a lighthouse .
we arrived at the village on the morning of the festival . it was still early , but people were already getting busy cooking and setting everything up . finally -- the delicious suckling pig we 'd all been looking forward to ! we loved seeing our old friends [female] and [male] . their grandkids were so cute ! everyone had a wonderful time .
[male] was on a mission to find the best food in the area . he found chicken that was acceptable . meet other people on similar missions . ultimately , the best food in the area was down an unbeaten track near a stoney beach . the scenery on the way there was the best . and at a family themed restaurant , he had the best meal he ever ate . thus fulfilling his mission !
i went to a founders day parade . there were a lot of veterans parading . there were some people who reenact historic battles in the parade . these men pretend to be civil war soldiers . the marching band was enthusiastic and loud , but not very good .
the father with his two daughters decided to have a day out together . they saw a boat riding across the river . the girls decided to wave to them ! they even saw this old styled building on their little trip . the daughter decided to take a picture of his father for memory .
our vacation photo albums from location . we took the kids to a carnival the first day then at night the adults toured sexy location the next day wee toured bulldog candy factory and went to the green light district as well
the friends had met up for the hike . they went onto the trail . after awhile they stopped to set up camp , and cook dinner . they hung out around the fire , and cooked food . later that night they ate in front of the fire , and talked about the day .
i took the entire class to the lake to plant some trees . they were all prepared for us when we got there . there was a frog there as well . i showed the class how to do it . they were very excited .
we went to visit a quaint little log cabin . the inside of the cabin was beautiful , made with light colored wood . it was empty in all of the rooms we visited , but was still a beautiful cabin . when leaving the cabin , we turned around to get one last good look . after that , we drove to a nearby lake to enjoy the sight of the water .
we gathered up some fire works to set off at dark . we grilled some burgers that were oddly shaped . our friends trickled in one by one ! we got all the food on the grill to cook and ready to eat . the sunset was amazing that night !
today we went to the carnival.the first attraction we saw , was the fun house . the fun house had mirrors that made your body look very funny and look as if it where shaped oddly . the second ride was the zipper . i was bright and made you do flips in a cage . we went really high in the air and flipped a lot of times . the sun even set while we where in the air . we said goodbye to the carnival on our final ride , the farris wheel . it lifted us high enough to slowly watch the whole carnival .
when i got to the amusement park there was a snake roller coaster . the kids wanted to ride on it . they were a little bit scared of it . but they did it anyway . they had a great time .
this is the band room . this is there way of plugging up everything , can you say fire hazard ? this is the keyboard . this is our drummer , drumming . another view of our big bandroom cool building hah , this is the outside .
they friends met up outside of the building to see the circus . well trained horses were in attendance . there was a king of tonight 's event . showgirls were all around . there were even huge pieces of stage artwork on display .
welcome to the annual meeting of the kids who like [female] hood . we shook all the hands of these children . we welcomed the writer of one of the [female] hood books . i gathered all the people together who brought this together . here are the two main people they feel robin hood is important .
the fair was a lot of fun to go to this year . we watched some bands while sitting on the hay bales . the petting zoo was fun for the kids . we went and saw the prize winning flowers . of course we had to eat some fair food .
we took out daughter out hiking one day . she liked all of the plants and foliage . the park was partly deserted , but still had the greenish charm . her mother went with us too of course . she had a lot of fun as well . another day has ended with a successful hike .
this building was built in medieval times . this lane as seen many travelers over the years . parts of the old building have been carefully uncovered and maintained in their original state . this old arch was a common architectural element at the time . parts of this old structure have been rebuilt in modern times .
everyone got together for a celebration of christmas and grandpa 's birthday . the table was all set for christmas dinner but also had a chocolate birthday cake . grandpa sat at the head of the table for the celebration . he quickly blew out the candles on his cake . even though it was his birthday , grandpa handed out presents .
it was a snowy day , so we decided to go for a walk to a big open field . once we were in the field , i pulled my daughter on a sled since the ground was completely flat . we decided sledding was n't the best idea , so we made snow angels in the snow . we started getting cold , so we walked back to our house . we made it after a long walk , and then we went inside and had hot chocolate , and then we warmed up near a nice toasty fire .
the youngest son of the family decided to buy a new car . he is driving to show his car to his friends . he decide to take both girls for a ride after his shopping . during his spare time , he practice with a band . the band is having a live concert .
it is his first birthday . he tries the cake and is not sure about how he likes it . after much consideration , he decides he really likes it and wants more . his tummy is now full cake and he is content . he was even content enough to enjoy a bath to wash off all that cake .
the state fair came to town today and everyone is enjoying the fun . the italian sausages are always a big hit.the food fair is one of the best parts of the event . lights from the fair rides light up the night . the ferris wheel added a sense of time less amusement . of course playing the fair games and winning the prizes is always fun . the night ended with the smell of tempting foods and music in the air .
today is a good day to invite family over . it is such a nice day today , and we finished cleaning up the yard . we should water all the grass before people come over . some of the guests made a campfire to cook some of the food . everyone is having a great time , the meal was great today .
[female] could barely contain her excitement at attending her first comicon . she had heard there were all kinds of costumes there . especially iconic characters from video games ! sometimes people got a little carried away , though . she hoped everybody would behave and not make the police angry .
the buildings were old and so was the pyramid in the old city . there were bananas sold at the local store .
for a celebration , we started with homemade food . we continued with drinks at home , toasting each other . after a while , we wanted something more , so we headed to the location creamery . there were so many flavors to choose from . they were all very delicious , though , and we ate our dessert as we wrapped up our celebration .
these kids are enjoying christmas morning . [female] is excited to see her presents . [female] got a magazine subscription . grandma and grandpa are taking a picture with the grandkids . mom put on her new bathrobe and fell to sleep .
wow , what a great place he told them . casino ' . live entertainment . excellent libraries . and exotic foods .
look at how cool we are with our glasses . getting our party started and having fun . here 's my good friends , they look so happy . my brother handing over a record to listen to . i 'm fixing the beard on my boyfriend .
two sisters went on an adventure together the weather during the trip started out a bit wet but ended with a beautiful rainbow they met a guy who raised cows . they went with him to the county fair . they took the bus home .
we were swimming and having a good time . people were drinking beer . we decided to have a pool party with our friends . some of our friends decided to pick some fruit from the neighbors trees . once it got dark people were starting to get very drunk . we decided it would be better to let people crash at our house instead of driving home . this was the safe option .
we finally found the marketplace in location were had heard about . i ca n't travel anywhere without doing some shopping . the clothes were so beautiful , i could n't resist making a purchase . i was tempted to buy gifts for all my nieces and nephews . but did n't want to carry too much on the plane trip home .
great to have the family around the table setting is beautiful can i have my cake already ? one , two , three blow ! time to open the gifts !
work decided to put on a teamwork event on the beach so we all got together and headed there . it was a long boring ride to get there . once we got to the station it took a while to get everyone together and walk to the beach . when we got to the beach we split in to groups and went over the activities . after the event was over we all got to play volleyball before heading back home .
i spent the weekend at location location . there was a clock tower in the center of the square . i sat in the square and contemplated things around me . there was a carousel on the beach for the children to enjoy . the highlight was the ice cream parlor i wanted to enjoy .
looked like we had one that was going down for the count . the rest of the party kept chugging along . people swapped stories about the `` good ole days '' . and we laughed and the horrible mustache he has on his face . and of course he would run with the funny stories we made about him .
the volunteers were happy to have a booth where they could give out information on a product they love . the two men shake hands after being reunited years after they went to college together . this couple is happy to help out in this outdoors service event . the two girls are sitting at a booth where they tell people where to go . the group is happy that for their volunteer work , they won a budweiser award .
the walk to the marina was very nice but brisk . we chartered a boat to take us out fishing . we had to fight gulls who tried to steal our fishes . in the evening when we came back , we noticed the lighthouse for the first time . as we were pulling into the pier , we saw a beautiful sunset .
outside the location location there was trouble brewing . there was an accident along the highway . families pulled over to see what was going on . ema arrived to help the injured people in the car . organization then drove the people to the safety of the hospital .
we got a lot of people out to help with the new outbuilding on the farm . the garden got some long needed attention . [male] was good enough to water the vegetables . as the day wound down we sat around a campfire and talked before dinner . to thank everyone for coming out , we cooked some burgers on the grill and had drinks .
the family always enjoyed a big dinner and did n't hesitate to fill their plates . as was tradition , it was always hot and spicy . [male] took advantage of that and helped himself to a refreshing martini or two . the soup was the spiciest of all . afterwards , though , it was always better once the cool and refreshing ice cream was served .
the charming little southern town is very old , the general store is original . it is a quiet little town with only one long road . there is only one museum in town to tell the history and culture . many of the families live along side the main road on little farms . one of the most beautiful sites of the town is a bridge over looking a little river .
this is [male] with his roommates , [male] and [male] [male] likes to cook for the three . [male] works in this clothing store to help pay rent . they live in this dormitory near the college . this statue sits outside the dorm in remembrance of a terrible tragedy that took place in 1945 .
[male] and her friends are throwing a parade today . they march in the streets and carry the flag with great pride . continuing the march they carry flags from other countries as well . its a world peace day . everyone is having a great time at the parade .
i went to a local electronics show . i saw obama collectibles . there were characters from video games and comic books . there were also costumes from star wars . some people even acted out a scene from a game !
we walked down the path to the castle . we were greeted at the entrance by pan . once inside the gate we saw this sphinx lady . the architecture of the castle was very detailed . inside we found many interesting relics to look at .
there was an ice storm last night and it made everything look beautiful . the woods by the lake looked like an enchanted forest . the ice on the branches twinkled in the sunlight like stars . looking out upon the valley , the mountain in the distance appeared to float in the air . the weeping willow by the cemetery looked as if it were alive . ice storms are dangerous but the aftermath is amazing .
the mountains are cloudy and chilly looking . the weather wo n't keep those seeking to enjoy what the mountains have to offer . icy waters and snowy banks trail through the mountainside . the view is chilly and clear , with a sheen of ice visibly covering most of the water . even in more somber weather , the mountains are still capable of great beauty .
the took the kids out for a drive in the desert . they stopped at convenience store to get snacks and sodas . on the road they saw a small amusement park . they decided to stop and check it out . they even found carnival rides in the back .
went to location location location to celebrate the fourth of july ! location location looks so amazing at night . the fireworks started just after 9pm . it was so awesome seeing all the different colored fireworks in the sky . the grand finale of fireworks ended a glorious night in the city .
i had been looking forward to family fun day . my son loves the annual outing . people from all over like to come . even the youngest of the kids loves this day . its exciting to all the people to come together .
i went to a museum yesterday . there were displays of massive creatures . i ca n't imagine swimming with this creature . this polar bear looked pretty tough . there was even a garden with live animals in it .
there were many spooky sculptures on display . this one depicts a baby crying in its mother 's arms . other kids are also scared . it looks like they 're screaming . this child looks like it 's crying .
it is great to take a vacation to location ! casino lisboa is really great if you do n't mind losing a little money . lots of tourists love come to see this pool . the lights look great . this is one of the best bakeries in location . three slices of cheese cake . better have a strong stomach if you plan on eating all of it .
the kids had a great time at the parade ! the clowns sure did look funny the girls in their traditional dresses . the mascot of the parade in a truck a rhythm gang walked the parade too
our first time playing at the club and it was packed . our new lead singer knocked 'em dead ! i do n't know who stapled the parachute to the ceiling but it was awesome . then it was my time to do a guitar solo . of course i picked hendrixs ' voodoo location . by the end of my solo my fingers were pretty much raw . and the crowd loved it !
we are traveling again . today we are at a church in location . to celebrate the coming year . it is the year of the horse ! the customs here are so charming . new year is never complete without a dragon .
the day at location location for the jones ' started with the tilt-a-whirl . next they went on the cyclone , a famous coaster that set the dad 's teeth on edge . the kids begged to go on the drop dive , which delivers a sheer drop from 70 feet . tired , they searched for a bathroom but all were out of order . finally , they found some public restrooms near the beach , and settled in for the afternoon .
we went to an island resort last year . the waves were very choppy . we did get some good pictures though including some of interesting plants and an amazing sunset .
yesterday , we went to a festival . there were lots of people there . most of them were just having fun and doing their thing . we saw many shops open for business . with all the lights , it definitely was a festive occasion .
having a nice outdoor get together with some friends and some wine . lots of wine . and there was some pancakes . we are having too much fun . for some reason , the new was here to interview us . they must 've wanted some wine too .
the family took a picture in the plaza parking lot it was getting darker outside they visited many big buildings downtown the kids played when the sun went down a beautiful flower was left in a vase
the championship winning organization organization organization arrived back in town . lakers fans are the best . they will not let anything stop them . looks like there is no love lost for shaq . it 's [male] 's town now .
on a family vacation , there was so much to see , including these seals on the beach . the flowering bushes and trees teemed with color . unfamiliar animals were spotted as well , including this little guy looking for food . the family saw some beautiful rock formations , and the young ones wanted to climb on the rocks . the whole family enjoyed looking into the water from a deck .
so many people came out to see today 's parade . even the children get into the spirit of today 's fun . on lookers march along in support of today 's events . even these clowns deserve a break today ! the parade marchers walk side by side in support of today 's parade .
we woke up really early morning to bring flowers to my sister 's house . her son was up having a good time . we went to the beach to do some excavation . we taught our little boy how to dig for sea shells . we took a family picture once he found some shells .
the friends got together to celebrate the 4th of july . they set off a long string of loud fireworks . then they lit some sparklers at night time . after that , they set off the small fireworks on the ground . at the end , they shot off the large fireworks that shoot up into the sky .
this is a picture of a singer . the woman has blonde hair and lots of makeup . the woman is wearing a red dress . the woman is wearing a green outfit . the woman has lots of tattoos .
a really bad storm came through our area last night and caused a lot of damage . some people speculated it was a tornado because it tore off some roofs . trees were snapped like toothpicks everywhere you looked . this fellow was lucky his vehicle was only scratched . streets to the area were closed off . police only allowed you in if you could prove you lived there .
it was christmas eve and the family got together for the celebration . almost everybody showed up , even distant relatives . after diner it was time to see what was under the tree . everybody had a great time unwrapping presents . some were so tired from all the excitement they needed to take naps .
we visited the beach and the water was so blue . then we got a good view of all the houses by the water . after that we went for a drive down the coast . we came across a boat that was washed ashore . then we came across these large buildings by the water .
this is one of my shot glasses from location location . this one is from location location . this one reminds me of the time we visited the aquarium . in location location i got this glass at a souvenir shop . location location gave me this nice shot glass from one of the hotels . in location location i also picked up this hard rock shot glass .
it was a big game for the boys . they had so much on the line to win . it was a back and forth game till after the second half . our boys pulled ahead and never dropped the lead . we were so proud of them .
this is the office we work in . our co-worker seemed pleasant to take time out of his schedule to talk with us . here , he is very focused on finishing his work . after work , we decided to go outside . lastly , we went home to relax after a hard days of work .
here is the great source of joy for our family , the plane ! here marks the spot of our family adventure . the water was gorgeous as it was located in paradise . here we are doing our best to catch dinner ! the great bald eagle in the sky gave me good feelings to witness .
a young woman is having a alcoholic beverage . another lady looks like she has had a lot of drinks and she 's done for the night . the young woman is so drunk that she decided to climb on the pole and get wild . she got off the pole and met up with one of her friends . the party is very live and it is packed with a lot of people .
the people had fun at the parade . they waved twirlers around . they marched with signs . they waved our nation 's flag with pride . at the end , they cleaned up their supplies .
this was the king 's palace , that we visited , when we took our trip to location . there 's a beach , near the castle , with lot of jagged rocks . one of the palaces we visited was near a lake . this is another ruin we visited during our vacation . this is a picture the statues , near the entrance to the palace .
alligators ? why are we here ? that 's right ! we 're going to race ! winning time : 23 hours , 26 minutes and 15 seconds . we out-ran the alligators ! well , most of us out-ran the alligators . : ) ouch ! 100 mile trail run -- i 'm gon na beat you next year !
we gathered to watch an asian parade . they many colorful floats that passed by . some of the floats were shaped like boats . they even had really pretty flowers on the floats . at the end of the parade we found a flower out in the street .
i came home to quite the surprise today for dinner ! my husband bought live lobster for supper . they were cute , i named one iggy . my husbands favorite was named verde because he had weird green markings . verde also had huge claws ! we put them all in a bowl to cook , but i could n't end up eating them .
my group of friends and i had a party ! there was plenty of dancing ! we also had food , which the guys decided to cook on the burners . i was in charge of mixing the drinks ! everyone else was busy dancing in the living room !
this is the back car we rented when we took our trip . i thought this statue in front of the bed & breakfast was a very ominous presence . it was amazing seeing all of the historical artifacts while touring the country . i enjoyed seeing all of the old church steeples such as this one . even the residential areas had a very old world feel to them .
sunday our family went to church . my younger sister and i went to the youth group service . and our parents went to the regular service . afterward the pastor met the different people that attended church . he 's very nice and talks to everyone who wants to talk to him . sometimes he prays for them . this is one of the crosses located on the inside . it 's my favorite .
the day threatened rain , but everyone was dressed up so wonderfully . as the weather threatened people still had fun . even the little kids got in on the action . parents took some group photos of their kids . and afterwards everyone let loose a bit !
in the distance , the winding road led to an old church that contrasted against he darkening sky . the weather seemed like it may take a turn for the worst , but against the outline of a fence , the skies cleared again . looking across the rolling and expansive field , the area seemed to stretch on for miles . amongst the brush there seemed to be a lone flowering plant that stood out against the other plants in the terrain . a clear few of the landscape showcased the rolling skies above and the bales of hay below .
nothing is more peaceful than waking up at dawn on vacation . the black skimmers are up too , hunting for their breakfast . the beach is so calming before the crowds arrive . the morning is a great time to take a walk with my four legged friend . our walk takes us past the best coffee shop in town , where we stop in for a latte and a sweet roll .
there was a big party to celebrate the engagement . [female] and [female] attended . the engaged couple were so happy ! at first [male] was only a little happy for them . but then he got really happy !
a lot of people showed up for the parade . it started with a horse drawn carriage . behind them there was a marching band playing their instruments . after that there was a giant dump truck that followed . towards the end there was a truck with people playing drums in the back .
the hotel we were staying at had a perfect view of the firework show we were excited as the show started the first one to go off was amazing then the show continued and we were really enjoying it when it was over , we were still amazed
location had a parade for the organization today . so many people were there . they won their second championship without shaq . some people were dressed in outrageous outfits . almost everyone was waving a organization ' flag .
here is everyone getting on the boat . they are eager to start their journey across the water . this lake area is very polluted , but the trees and shrubs look very nice . this person is looking at the bridge and enjoying the view while on the boat . these people are gathering on the grass and telling stories to each other . a furry animal emerges . he is looking for food and entertainment . he hopes to make new friends .
someone takes a picture of a lady while she looks away . grandma and baby takes a picture . then a group family picture is taken . and other family picture is taken . then the baby comes in and blows her candles out her cake .
the scene is dark but the mood is light as the young people have gathered to enjoy each other . although the guy in the middle has his are around a girl , he pays much more attention to the guy with the camera . this laptop controls the lighting for the room . an adjustment is made . it is not quite a disco ball , but spires of light illuminate the room . the windows are reflecting because there is so little light inside the rooms . the optical illusion of a giant hand is part of the control that the laptop has on the environment . the young people have indeed had a unique and enjoyable experience .
an antique convention is held in a small city . people bring different items to identify their value . a lot of people bring jewelry that have been in their family many years . people are even able to purchase gifts . one booth has greeting cards that are for purchase .
the family gets together to watch a bike race . the family takes a picture with [male] before the race . [male] is finally racing ad trying his best to win . [male] is such a competitor as he tries to find any edge to get into the winning position . [male] tires out and settles for second place .
it was a cold day for an easter egg hunt . the parents waited with cameras in tow . the kids lined up , ready to start . she had a basket of eggs and other goodies . they wanted to show off their haul .
[male] called me and said to come to the intersection because a van had hit his car . from the side it did not look too bad . his window was broken but nothing else seemed to be alright . the door still opened ok so we thought , just maybe he could get away with just a new window . when we closed the door though , and looked at it , we knew he would be lucky if all he needed was a new door .
we all gathered at the bar . it was game night there , so bound to be a good time . my favorite was we were going to play bingo . he was pretty happy that he won the first round . one guy fell off the stage from drinking a little too much .
we all gathered in the meeting room . almost all the seats were full . we listened as the guest speaker thanked us for our efforts . afterwards we all gathered for a picture . we made sure to smile !
i love preparing for christmas with the kids ! we always make gingerbread houses . of course , there 's as much candy eaten as decorated with . when the houses are done , the kids ask me to judge them . i always say they are all a tie . everyone gets excited when we pulled out all the old decorations . and of course , there 's going to meet location ! i am so glad all the kids still believe !
they spent the day at the art gallery . there were paintings dating back hundreds of years in the gallery . the gallery was a very formal place . the different types and sizes of the paintings and quality was impressive . this painting took a very long time for the artist to complete .
i was so proud that all of our hard work was finally being recognized by the local paper . they were there to cover the special award we were given . and they made sure to get a shot of our whole group together . afterward we enjoyed some relaxing time socializing with our friends . and finally we all sat down to a delicious meal together to celebrate .
the island looked majestic as we arrived by rented boat . it hardly had anyone living in it but we did see a child playing by the beach as we arrived . the resort we had booked was beautiful and did n't clash with the local area . the beaches were almost deserted , so we got to spend a lot of relaxing time exploring it . as the sunset , we knew that this was going to be a highlight of our trip .
i walked along the tracks and saw the old pacer oil warehouse . the paint was old and chipped on it . i came along a watertower soon after . the tracks led me into a town with old gray buildings . i decided to enter the church because it was the most colorful of all the buildings .
there was an earthquake in a small town in location . surveyors were sent out to check for damage , which at first looked to be some twisted waterlines . then they traveled down the road and discovered this crack . it kept going for some distance and seemed to follow a fault line . when they came around a turn they saw it went much further down the road , which qiuckly had to be closed for repair .
the dancing parade has started . this guy was so ready for the event . the ladies stole the show with their costumes and dance moves . this lady was happy to be in the parade . the guy costume made the later run away . this guy has been at this event for years . it was very eventful and next year will be better .
the cathedral looms over the town . it 's gothic architecture giving it the appearance of a screaming man . inside though are lofty ceilings , brightly painted in white and filled with graceful arches . light , pillars , and graceful curves are designed to bring the eyes to the center . statues grace the halls , giving those that pass through their blessings . all is not cheerful inside , though . there are reminders of darker times .
trick or treat ! we 're having a halloween party at work . i 'm the joker . [male] came dressed as pichu . [female] was business formal catwoman . we played catch the waterballoon outside because this is location so it was n't cold on halloween . [male] 's niece was there as [female] in wonderland , and the party got her seal of approval .
dad and i had a great time at the organization game on wednesday . even mom enjoyed herself after a beer , though we could n't get her to admit it later . here 's the ticket my work comped for us . i had a beer myself , because what 's a baseball game without it ? downtown was surprisingly quiet after the game , so we stopped for an early dinner at location 's .
a man went to the market and bought a cute stuffed toy for his wife . while there he bought an umbrella . he also bought a chinese figurine . the man then went to buy beautiful flowers for is wife . he found yellow flowers that were just as beautiful and bought those also .
during our trip to location location we saw many odd things . there was a museum devoted to rackets . these were traditional rackets . this was a not so tradition racket . a racket made to look like a grill . there were so many post cards to choose from . the gift shop also lots of statues to choose from .
we had a great time at the company party . even [male] showed up . [female] was excited to be there as well . [female] said there was going to be a special announcement . it had something to do with [female] . [male] and [female] announced they are getting married .
map of where we are planning to visit on our road trip . location location location location gate bridge . picture of the golden gate lands end . the location location bridge from afar . after we stopped for dinner .
this is a picture of the beach . this is a picture of breaking dawn . this is a picture of rocks . a woman is climbing rocks . this is a picture of sand .
two groups are competing in a cycle marathon . up front in the guy wearing green . close behind is the team wearing blue . determined to win , they work together to pass the other cyclists . behind the blue team is the lone man in white . do n't give up !
the beach was so beautiful today ! i did n't see anyone else out there . i enjoyed the peaceful morning . i found some interesting shells and rocks . it was so peaceful and beautiful !
the beach has many visitors . some are alone . others , however , come in pairs like this couple . the beach is a wonderful vacation spot . sometimes you can see families together on the beach . it 's great place to come to relax . the sunsets are wonderful as well , and are a joy to view with a loved one .
an annual even in town is the polar plunge , where people run into the freezing cold ice water . the brave people are in the water ! after they come out , they quickly dry off with towels . there are many people watching this event from the beach . to the participants of this event , they receive a t shirt and certificate indicating that they did it .
history surrounds this stone entrance way . the rock quarry has trucks running through it . the castle stands after decades of time passed by . the openings are splendid works of masonry . wear and tear over the years is evident between the stone walls .
we took a trip to the snowy mountains over my vacation . the snow only covered part of the mountains while the other half was covered in dirty . the snow was basically frozen solid and was very difficult to walk on . i got a picture of my best friend sitting in the gravel before we departed . the sunset on the mountains was the most breathtaking thing that i saw all day .
looking at the sign and wondering what it means . this is an interesting place and ca n't wait to get inside . a few friends walking out along the beach getting fresh air . watching the sunset from the beach . afterwards i go get a strawberry ice cream cone .
the crowne plaza is a beautiful building . the building is lit up and can be seen for miles . it has a colorful organization organization with a breathtaking view . the interior of the building is a another story . it is nice to see buildings that are beautiful .
friends out for a great evening . funny faces for the camera make the memories last a lifetime . beautiful smiles with some beautiful friends . someone has cake or murder on her brain , you decide . no one has ever said too much cake is a bad thing .
[female] got to go to the beach in location with her boyfriend . while they were walking they came across a funny looking sign . the hotel they stayed in was unlike anything they had ever seen before . inside of the hotel it was just as spectacular as the outside . before the couple returned home they visited a mall to purchase some things to remember the trip by .
he waited patiently at the fountain for grandma . he was a good grandson by all accounts . each week he would go get his grandma and take her where ever she wanted to go . sometimes he picked her up at home in his old suv since grandma could n't walk very far anymore . other times he would push her in her wheel chair because he remembered all the walks she use to take him on when he was just a boy .
i went to go see a large cathedral . the ceilings were so high and unbelievably tall . the seats and stage were extravagant and fit so many people . there was a large statue in the church , and it represented their god . there was also an inscription below various statues .
yesterday was my birthday . we celebrated by going out on the town . we went into many shops and clubs . the lights were surrounding us to bring us in . we settled in one pub and just played games . it was a wonderful birthday .
after school i was sitting on the bench waiting for my bus to show up . a friend of mine spotted me from across the street . she saw the beads i was holding . i quickly hid them by tossing them to another man and he hid them in his jacket . but this guy saw the whole thing .
family went out on a hike near the giant cross . as we hiked up we could see the lovely beach nearby . i 'm always amazed by how huge it is compared to its surroundings . it makes for the most breath taking pictures as well . the sunset was so beautiful as we returned down the trail .
we got to go backstage at a concert . we took a ton of awesome photos to prove we were there . the show was wonderful . they played all of our favorite songs . it was the best concert i 've ever been to !
[male] was so happy . he loved days he got to spend with his dad . his dad took him to the park today . he even got him a new toy to play with . after they went to the organization organization organization to explore .
after we got off the train it was already dark . we stopped in to a restaurant for something to eat because we were starving . we made sure to tip generously . afterward we went to the bar to have a few drinks . when we finished we went to the hotel to check in .
[female] and i decided to go to a local market for something to eat one night . the lights on the tree outside grabbed our attention and seemed to invite us in . there were so many things to choose from , and the menus were pictures which was great for us since we still could n't speak the language . we ended up having a delicious , hot bowl of soup . then , [female] suggested ice cream for dessert since the soup was kind of spicy . afterwards , we had to stop for gas . then we went home .
the day started by an amazing boat trip with friends . john could n't resist , he had to test the water . at sunset , [male] took a break and gave organization the captain role . the girls enjoying a beer while admiring the lagoon . [male] getting pretty drunk because and was getting pretty sea sick .
there was a man wearing a very interesting white t-shirt . we got gas before heading out to the cove . my brother and i were driving for at least four hours . the cove was lovely and the water was more blue than ever . that night , the concert was energetic and engaging !
when the sun rose , we began walking and browsing buildings outside . this building was much closer to our destination . inside , it looked a church or a court room . their was such a large area of city and i was in awe . along our route home , we ran into this interesting sculpture .
going camping by the sea . building balancing rocks . a three piece balancing rocks . waves crashing on the rocks . two starfishes along the rocks .
i love viewing the lights at night . this was actually a very calming scene . this , however , scared me a bit . it did n't seem very inviting to me . this was the perfect way to calm down .
we went to the amusement park together today . we tried out a lot of rides , they were awesome ! the weird ones were especially fun and interesting . we ended up finishing the way at the roller coasters . wish we could have taken this funny fish home !
family having fun at the park on the 4th of july . young boy smiles with happiness at the celebration . little [male] sitting on the limb of a tree with his grandfather standing by his side . the grandfather is helping [male] with his new toy . great fun playing with a giant bubble wand .
i remember having the first drink last night . of course my friend had to out do everyone . yet it seemed like i was the one who had way to much to drink . still the group had a great time , this was a much needed outing . best of all we met a lot of cool people , most of which i do not remember .
in the park , there is a lovely old building . the building is surrounded by trees . if you look up towards the sky , you see more trees and branches . the park leads to a bridge . a even longer bridge can be seen across the water .
they were on staycation at a resort in the midwest many people were enjoying the beautiful day . since the lake was so calm , the newlyweds thought they would try kayaking for the first time . the wife can not swim , so she was giggling nervously as they headed out the the water a crowd gathered the cheer her on !
had an awesome day on vacation today ! we saw a lot of cool sites and awesome looking buildings . the streets were filled with so many colors and designs . there was so many exciting things to see and do . we even saw people riding in the back of trucks too !
historic homes are plentiful in my home town . the columns on this porch are expressive . the large tree in the yard is a perfect accent to the brick sided home . plain , but full of heritage describes this late 1800 's residence . what an entryway . lets give it a little make over to make it pop .
the bride was glad to have an outdoor wedding , but her bridesmaids were nervous about the bridge . the view was spectacular , however , and the bride knew this would make the day memorable forever . she especially liked how the small creek burbled and splashed as it flowed across the rocks . she did home that the train on the trestle did n't blow a horn and interrupt her wedding . she also liked that some of the trees had leaves that turned to beautiful red colors . it was almost autumn , but still warm and beautiful outside .
my friend [male] and i visited the shoreline at sunset one day . we walked along the beach and looked out over the water . [male] perched on a rock and contemplated the mysteries of life . the sun slowly went down over the water , casting gorgeous light over the sea . finally , the sun receded behind the horizon and our day there was done .
it can be tricky to get a pot truly clean once food is stuck to it . start with really hot water and soap . make sure that the post is wet on both sides . once wet and soaped , use a tool to scrub off the burned material . once done , let the pan continue to rinse to loosen any additional attached food .
the office was in need of a better storage solution than what we had . cubicles formed by stacks of manila envelopes was less than ideal for the workers . after a delay , the logistics guy finally showed up . for a while he fiddled with a silly metal basket solution . eventually , he sorted everything out using a filling cabinet .
the kids were excited to spend the day with their dad . they imagined going outside for a bike ride with him ! but the day started with him making breakfast , and then taking them out to get ice cream ! and then to grandmother 's house they went .
today , we got up early to watch the sunrise . it was a beautiful view , with the waves crashing on the beach below . here , the sun is up a bit higher , so lovely . we made sure to get lots of good pictures ! the sun is mostly up now , what a great start to the day !
i spent most of my day walking around downtown . i stopped by a restaurant to grab something to eat . after that i got back to walking . i saw a lot of big screens in the city . they were all showing advertisements .
the couple had a lovely day at the ocean . here the girlfriend is hiking up the trail on the way back . later the couple went into the city and saw the sights including this beautiful church . the couple really enjoyed this lovely statue they wandered upon . after a long and eventful day the couple retired to their hotel room and the boyfriend relaxed in bed .
for easter we had our grand children over to hunt for eggs . while the eggs were being placed , the kids played inside . two of the grandkids looked in the grass by the bushes . [male] was excited to eat the candy in the eggs . after hunting for eggs , everybody hung out in the living room
it was the first time the family had all been to church since the death of the youngest son . the mother kept his picture in her wallet . the oldest daughter teased her father that he use to look like a pirate . for proof , she got out the old photo album and everyone agreed . indeed , he did look very much like a pirate when the children were young .
could this be dessert [female] ? there are so many yummy foods here especially the sweet ones the place settings are elegant this place is classy .
so nice to finally get away for awhile , even if it is a working getaway . the meeting was held on the second floor here . the rain did not deter us any , go team ! after the meeting , they treated us to a delicious banquet ! then individual group brain storming sessions before loading up to go home .
there were a lot of fireworks that night . some of them were single colored . others were multi colored . some of them were very bright . others made huge explosions .
my parents and i went to a carnival in the foreign country we were visiting . the locals had set up a lot of booths to sell fruits and vegetables . we watched a local rock concert put on at the festival . later , we rode a carnival ride that was very familiar to us . the thermometers all showed the temperature in celsius instead of fahrenheit .
my family and i got together to celebrate a religious moment in our lives.my daughter coming of age.we had a small meal during the ceremony . the men in suits , my uncles , were about to make a speech in honor of my daughter . a large room of mostly family and friends . there are other important people of our culture and community present as well . everyone had a great time and most definitely enjoyed a great meal . my brother , myself and my daughter dressed up in our traditional clothing .
arriving at the club for a well deserved night out even if it is a lecture for work . waiting for my buddy to show up so we can hang and have a good time . oh look , someone taking selfies already./haha at least we were able to find a table up front . a few of my friends chatting it up before the lecture begins . we always have a good time together . the lecture was getting started so one last picture of the place and speaker .
on our first trip to location location , we had to take a day trip to location location . we had heard stories about the cyclone for years , and wanted to experience it ourselves . the huge wonder wheel was our next target , and it did not disappoint . this was one of the coolest ferris wheels we had ever been on . we ended the day with a walk on the beach beside the rides . what an awesome place .
we had a great trip . one of the first things we did was ride this hanging monorail train . the view was stunning . we also were able to make it to the baseball park . it was a great night for baseball . the town was charming , with street cars that still carried passengers to the attractions . we even got out to the lake , which was quite busy for the season . one of our last stops was location location location location . the scenery here was beautiful . it was really a wonderful trip .
our downtown flea market will be held today . full of life the vendors are getting ready . it almost has a carnival feel to it . the booths are up , what are today 's treasures ? there is always time out for a tasty snack .
my aunt 's house is big and beautiful . her flowers are diverse . and smell great . she had all different sizes and colors . my grandma has a beautiful flower garden .
we took our son on vacation last week . here he is posing in front of the golden gate bridge ! he liked cars a lot and wants to drive when he turns 16 as soon as possible . we took a classic car driving around for the day . after all that excitement we were tired so we went swimming .
the calm before what will be a crazy night . suddenly , a wild green man appears . two friends share a picture together . everyone sits down and shares their funny stories . then everyone passes out drunk .
today was the [female] pride parade . wonder woman must have a lot of sisters . the drum line was awesome . the floats were spectacular . three cheers for the same sex marriage ruling by the supreme court !
our class hosted a new year 's around the world day . we had samples of new year 's items from many countries . people came dressed up as representatives of their area . most cultures have some kind of food tied to the new year . it was an informative and fun day !
while on a hike we ran into this sign . i could n't read the sign so we kept walking . we ran across a creek . we followed the creek uphill . finally we ran into this old barn .
last sunday , i acted as [male] pastor at my church . many people showed up to sing in the choir for the service . i was a little nervous but the pastor was very patient . everyone seemed to be listening closely and paying attention . i noticed many people singing along and seeming to enjoy the day .
the festival brought hundreds to celebrate . the signs outside advertised the event . performers danced in the street in costume . they moved in synchrony to the music played . and characters played roles to further entertain .
the group was out on a ski trip . they had learned how to do jumps . not all of the jumps went well . and there were a few falls . but everyone had fun despite the injuries .
we went to a carnival and battle reenactment . the reenactment was still being set up when we arrived . we were able to take photos of the actors . we watched the actors fire their weapons at each other . this actor did a very convincing dead man .
i arrived to the party not knowing what to expect . my friends were there to keep me company . we partied all through the night . we also met some new people . they were all so nice to us .
we 'd won ribbons before - we kept them around to inspire us . a little treat for the horse helped pep her up for the big day too . finally , it was time to go ! the judging unfolded in a blur . after a successful show , it was time for a relaxing , refreshing treat !
well well well look what i found ! yes im officially engaged ! he finally popped the question after all these years . after he asked we went on a little hike and saw these awesome trees . we then celebrated at sunset looking out into the ocean together , it was so romantic . we ended our trip walking amongst the trees one more time .
it rained at the track and field event today . nevertheless , they had it anyways . bikes like these have poor brakes in the rain . the runners ran in the rain . later they passed out awards .
the kids were writing on the paper and had book . there were stuffed animals there and the children were happy at the presentation .
playing guitar requires concentration . the banjo is usually played with faster beats . string instruments all compliment each other . the band is really tight with each other and keeping it fun . bass and fiddle , what a combo !
our tour of the city started with the bridge . the town clock tower was the second stop . the replica of the lighthouse could have been turned on as it was overcast . we stopped at the farmers market to see the sale items . the last stop was the famous ferris wheel .
i went to the fair last week . i ate a lot of snacks . there were many roller coasters there . i had a great time . afterward we left to eat some dinner .
the lights were big and near the highway . there were flowers and a big ribbon that people could see .
we set up for a relaxing picnic . there were many other people around . we were excited to go on many different rides . some brought you high into the air . others moved very fast .
i went to help my family out on the farm today . there was a lot of work that needed to be done . we had to repair most of the buildings . we had to gather all new wood . everything needed cleaning .
taking a walk along the lake . near the docks . i saw a lone seagull floating along the water . and then a beautiful swan . this seagull was probably looking for some food . and this little guy was perched high up on a tree .
this is [male] with his mom , and today is his fourth birthday ! his grandparents came in all the way from location and got him trading cards for the game [male] loves to play . even all of [male] 's friends from pre-school came over for his party . [male] is in love with tractors and construction vehicles , so we decided to get him a cake that represented that . [male] had a great time at his party and said it was his best birthday ever ! that means we 'll have to work harder next year in order to top this one .
the baby was having fun at the fair . the boy got on top of his dad 's shoulders to look around . people were taking pictures . the little girl was having a lot of fun . there were a lot of people at the fair .
i wanted to build a dune buggy with this engine i had laying around . i assembled the speedometer and other gauges for the dash area . some comfortable seating was added . now i just need to add these tires to it . [female] ! now i can go have some fun !
our trip to the location location . these views are absolutely spectacular . this nut stood right at the edge ! screw that noise ! you wo n't catch me that close . i will stand close to the edge of this sweet indoor pool at our hotel however .
the family gathered for the picnic . even the grandparent 's made the trip . the pre-teens did n't seem to being having too great of a time ... however , the little ones , like [male] , and his best friend.. [male] were having the times of their lives .
the location location , perfect place to learn geology first hand . the professor is talking to the students about how the ridges formed . professor is pointing out some of the interesting faults in the canyon . professor sees something on one of the ledges and is trying to point it out to the others . after hiking all day , the students love swimming in the pool .
on a recent trip to location , the tourists saw many traditional chinese attractions , including this temple . they were taken in some non traditional tours , such as through this river . the river was very narrow is areas , with lots of vegetation . there were trails to explore , and old , creaking bridges to cross . once they returned from the wilderness adventure , they had the opportunities to visit many more building and structures .
on the trip to the beach little [male] had a great time in the sand . we got to look at our footprints and play by the water . he had a great time pushing the sand around . he was very interested in seeing all the footprints . as we left the beach i caught the footprints of [male] .
this house is for sale . the landscaping on this house well put together . the house has a lot of curb appeal . the owners want to sell the house for $ 200,000 . they hope it sells soon .
our youth grofence.up volunteered to clean up the nature preserve . here are some of the endangered plants that actually thrive in this area . we are going to try to remove all the growth on the fence . our leader is thrilled to be here helping . we filled the car with trash we picked up !
it was very crowded on the boat , but food always puts people at ease . there was plenty of opportunity to talk with the other passengers . it looks like he needs a refill , where is a waiter when you need him ? the deck of the boat makes for a great spot to take family pictures . here is a view of the boat from the outside , very nice !
[female] is bored with her life , she wants to explore new places all by herself . she views the city and realizes she needs to get away and go away someplace different . the next morning she catches a bus that takes her out of the city . the bus drops her off at a port where she gets on a boat which will sail away . the boat takes her to the beach , which she feels heals her soul . she loves her new surroundings .
the city 's modern art displays always get [male] 's attention . locals and tourists alike admire it and enjoy wandering around . some of the light sculptures are gigantic . as usual [male] stops for a snack . this time it included sausages . he then continues his journey with a happy stomach .
we went to the local firework show they were so big and loud some of them were all different colors this one was one of our favorites and it all ended with a huge display
getting ready to see the falls ! rainbows streaking through the water just a few people lining up to see location . the amish love it ! two falls making a whole lot of mist . rocking the poncho ! that was intense !
today my friend and i went hiking at the beach . we built towers out of stones that we found along the shore . the weather was perfect outside . we spent many hours just enjoying the waves crashing on the rocks . several starfish made an appearance .
i went on a mission trip to an islam country . they were fantastic people . i got to meet some lovely families . i also got to show them some love as well . we brought them food and some toys .
everyone was getting ready for the bike marathon . this was one of the many bikes that were present at the race . the bikers were in full force as they raced toward the finish line . many approached the finish line while others were still trying to get there . in the end , the winner received a special trophy .
today we saw some family everyone showed up for the fun . it was a fun time to take a picture together . we wanted to always remember our fun moments . the day ended with a surprise cake for the family .
the party was in full force . people were sitting around having fun . they were all drinking and talking . everyone was laughing and having a good time . a successful party was had for all .
the city on the water is a sight to see . it 's got such beautiful architecture , and people everywhere . everyone should go at least once .
they were headed out for a day of exploring . they stopped at a quaint little place for a bite to eat . mom and dad enjoyed their drinks . they got on a boat for a tour of the area . they ended the day with few hours at the beach .
the car is decorated with a sign to celebrate the day . it`s a mexican holiday that is widely celebrated . that`s what these people are doing . they eat tacos and a lot of other ethnic foods . people are coming together to be with each other to have fun . they try to make up activities to express themselves .
christmas is the perfect time to see the lights . people decorate their lawns and put poinsettas , the designated flower of christmas , all over town . sometimes , if you 're lucky , you 'll even see mr. and mrs. claus . little [female] loved looking at the lights and seeing the claus ' but most of all , she loved listening to her grandma play christmas music on the harp . what a joyful time of the year .
we went to the city today , and saw this piece of art . i was very reflective . we then went into the suburbs . there where a lot of cool houses there . i ca n't wait to come back .
this is a big lobster i see lots orange and green came out a dryice box 4 small lobsters without diffrent colors on them .they have large pintchers . very large lobster on a oak table going to be cooked 2 small black lobster pinchers are still taped together they will cook these up for a meal jumbo red lobster is going to be cooked in a really hot boiling pot for hours then will be aten by the family
[male] and his girlfriend [female] were shocked to realized the mysterious man in a strange suit crashed their party . the mystery man soon became the life of the party telling hilarious jokes . the mystery man was shy about taking photos even though you could n't make out his face . soon , [male] and [female] began to figure out who the mystery man was after he grabbed a certain friends favorite red drink . [male] ripped off the mystery man 's suit and knew that the clever prankster [male] was the one who was inside the crazy costume .
everyone said that when we were in location , we had to go by [female] park . so we did , and man , is location location location weird . the gate itself is enough to freak you out . but once you get through , it 's a great park . and even though it 's in location . it reminds me of parks in the location . actually though i was kinda glad to get out of there and take a walk down by the pier to chill out .
the party is crowded . everyone is having a great time . the djs are playing a set . everyone is dancing . everyone had an awesome time .
i love to travel . this is beautiful look at the sky look at the rocks . i want to go back
i took a trip down to the beach . on my trip , i came across a light house . then i took a closer look . i was able to get a good view of the cliffs . after that i walked down to the beach .
our favorite time of the year , family vacation at the amusement parks ! here are some family members ready to go up in the air and come flying back down ! do n't get scared . it was an awesome ride and great view . i 'm afraid of heights until after i ride a few rides . here are some of the kids playing games . i wonder who will win . the girls would rather play whack a mole . they are ready to go .
we went to an amazing river tour we saw a swan and its babies a little ways down the river we saw something special more baby swans
we had a great time on the 4th hanging with some friends out by the location location location . the pier was bustling with people , but we managed to go on a few of the rides . as you can imagine , the beach was a zoo , but it sure beat the valley heat . once the sun went down , everything cooled off , and soon the fireworks show began . the pier is also a really happening place for entertainment , and you 'll always be sure to find many street performers .
the crisp fall night gives way to the bright lights of a carnival and the man and monkey who greet you at the gate . two strong men in striped suits perform feats for the crowds . visitors pack into small eating areas to warm up . the performers however do n't seem to feel the cold as they go about their nights performing their practiced routines . some of the people in attendance are difficult to place as actors in period clothing , guests wearing costumes , or victims of the carnival 's experimentation in time traveling . their good moods do n't leave you especially curious regardless .
i love trains very much , i also love going to train shows each year and looking at different models . this is a x1003 model , built in 1945 , i like to call it the xmas express because of the colors . i moved on to the ti-4000 or what i like to call the harry potter express train , one of my favorites . here we have a rare train car . only 3 were made , i wish i could have one . main reason i come to these train shows . the final train i looked at was this beauty ; the silver bullet , one of the fastest trains in the world .
the first comic [female] [female] ever drew , came out that day . after that she got opportunity to draw so much more . sh even released some catalogues she dabbled slightly in photography . at the end of the day , she was proud of the work she 'd done .
this was the beginning of our trip down the river . the quiet of nature was wonderful . we were all excited to just relax and enjoy the water . of course , we stopped for a quick picnic . someone brought this guy along with us on the river , but we all thought it was a blast .
the car was initially hit from behind . it was then thrown into the truck stopped in front of it . this caused damage to both sides of the front end . the hood was so bent it did not close properly . the rear of the car was hit so hard that it buckled the trunk deck and dented the bumper .
[female] packed our lunches for the big ski trip . the boys got ready for the time of their lives . [male] went down so slow the boys had to wait ten extra minutes . they met at the bottom and discussed what they wanted for dinner . the boys were quite satisfied with their evening meal .
these two people are getting ready for the big race . this guy carries his bicycle to the starting place . this guy races to begin the race . these three are announced the winners of the race . these two people did not participate in the race , but they are cheering for the rest of the people who did .
we were on the plane headed to location . it was a bit cloudy as we arrived . the buildings near our hotel were beautiful . we took a boat to out hotel . we even got lunch from a bike !
we decided to take a trip on a riverboat to see the sights along the river which ran through the ancient city . there were a lot of old buildings along the banks of the river . it was all really pretty , i did n't know where to point my camera next . the baron 's mansion was a sight to behold . there 's so much history here . we could n't go in though , it 's still a private residence . off down the river again . some of these bridges are very low , i keep thinking we 're going to hit one and get stuck ! at the end of the trip we got to sample the local specialty , fried fish . not caught from the river but brought in fresh from the ocean . delicious !
went to our state 's fair this year and it was great . give the man in white 5 dollars and he 'll sing for you . this was one of the local bands playing . we really had a good time . we rented a tour of the city boat . we road the ferris wheel . this is how far we had to walk to get to it . nice walk though .
a marine laid a wreath at a marine 's grave . the honor guard stood by as one of the men from the organization unit paid his respects . there were several people there to honor the marine . all of the organization and the honor guard thanked each other for their service . we should all take the time to thank our fallen soldiers for their service and pay our respects .
the son pushed his mom on their outing that day . they took some time to relax together and chat about old times . they visited many museums together and enjoyed their time . the best time was midday at the lake with the mountains on the horizon . the visited old historic bridges with a lot of history .
going to a meeting at work . getting things ready to go . learning some knowledge of how everything works . time to eat and talk . what a great view of the mountains with the sun going down .
this is my brothers new house we went to visit and bring a house warming gift . the side yard had a lot of plants and bushes with a bunch of trees . a side view of the house you can catch the lake.it was so beautiful there . my brothers wife loves plants and has a small patio garden near the back door . here is another patio which would be great for bbq 's and other gatherings .
a birthday cake made for our most trusted friend . his mother has never been so proud of him . blowing out his candles , hopefully he gets them all ! he is n't too camera happy . treating ourselves to some after party snacks .
this is a picture of a telephone pole . this is a drawing of a girl . this is a picture of a sign for the area . this sign says `` ee '' on the ground . the letter on the ground is `` z '' .
the firework show was amazing . this one had two blooms . the colors are stunning . the all white ones are really cool . the final shot had three blooms .
travelling was made much easier with the access to coffee . the downtown was somewhat obscurred by the bad weather . the domes of the palaces looked like the work of islam . the palms were abundant on the shoreline . the street vendors were in abundance .
the best part was opening the birthday gifts . this birthday cake was amazing and colorful . he had so much fun trying to catch the balloons . grandpa and grandson look so amazing together . today is his birthday and he can finally devour that cake .
we traveled to a lively greenhouse for a day . there were so many beautiful ferns . i saw green and violet flowers . the violet flowers interested my partner . we had to closely examine the plants for their feel .
yesterday , our school had a fund raiser dinner . all the teachers came to eat and donate . there were long lines at the buffet . when the food was served it looked delicious . the best part was that we all gave and gathered for a good cause .
we went to an art and learning center . the building was wide on the inside and very decorated . the outside of the building was tall and wide . many people passed the building daily . the flags of several countries lined up along the side .
the weather was perfect for camping . they found a good spot right on the shore . the guys did paper , rock , scissors to decide who would look for firewood . that evening they had a scrumptious dinner . after dinner it started to get chilly so they huddled in the camper and told ghost stories .
the street is filling up with people to see the show . the first firework bust in the sky as we all watch . people are starting to set off their own fireworks and crackers . shooting upwards these ones make a loud noise ! the real fireworks are blowing up brilliantly in the sky above us .
the pasture is a great place to go to be alone because there 's no one in sight . the only company around is the numerous trees and the clouds in the sky , which makes it the best place to go to be alone and to reflect on your life .
here is the start to the winter snow storm of 2015 ! our road could only be driven on by four wheel drives . the local animals enjoyed the weather though . and too did my wife , [female] , traipsing out in the snow . this car sure is n't going anywhere anytime soon .
sometimes the trays were extra heavy . especially when they got the big crabs in . strike that , make it giant crabs . large heavy tray laden with pounds of food . sometimes even giant squash filled with fruit would weigh 20 pounds or more .
the manatees washed up on shore . there were hundreds of deaths . the manatees could n't survive without water . instead of letting them go to waste , jacko decided to gather up the bodies and bring them to his restaurant . the kitchen smelled a little fishy after their new menu item arrived .
our view of the hockey game ! staying warm and posing wit my man ! our friends came with . ca n't believe he fell asleep ! had fun at the game !
a short subway ride to the fair , ca n't wait to get there ! ferris wheels are my favorite ride . i love the view from up there . we have to go into the strangest show on earth , who could resist . it was strange but i expected it to be more scary . a fun day is almost over . back to the subway !
patio parties at my friend [female] 's are always a lot of fun , and many people from the neighborhood turn out . this one time , they hired a mariachi band , that was the best day . [male] boy likes to spin at these parties sometimes , and he takes requests . one party was sponsored by cuervo silver , and they put up a big inflatable tequilla bottle . the ladies really know how to cut loose and dance !
`` i am incredible hulk 's dad , and i will command this baby seal to defeat you all . '' `` not if i have anything to say about it , hulk 's dad . i will send my greatest warrior against you . '' ~the horse whinnies approvingly~ 'i am skullman 's greatest warrior . i will defeat hulk 's dad . '' `` this movie sucks . next time , i pick the movie at redbox . ''
a group of friends posed for a photo during a beach vacation . this couple wanted a photo of just themselves to remember the trip . the water was clear and beautiful . the couple kicked off their shoes to wade into the warm water . we played music on the ride home and had a great time .
on our vacations we went sight seeing . we stopped at historic landmarks with signs telling us their histories . we saw a tower that went way high in the air . we even saw a tower that leaned like the tower of location . at the end of the night , we were tired , but glad we had seen the city sights .
the night sky was lit up . tickets for the lounge were sold out . he took a picture in front of the bus . the boats were parked at the dock . she was ready to tour some more .
wine and beer tasting with friends . toasting to a new fruitful season . eating flatbread for dinner . drinking wine with his wife . being interviewed about the best wine they loved so far .
everyone gathered at the restaurant for the party . they took pictures for the birthday and had some drinks . she was amazed that she could touch the ceiling . just a little horseplay between these two cut-ups . finally , winding down with some conversation .
fun making food in the kitchen before heading out . and a bit of drinking , to warm people up . a photo of the whole group , ready for the cold ! the snow was thick and perfect . a lot of skiers were enjoying the weather .
my wife joined me on my morning hike . she brought a really fuzzy cap for protection . i gave her the okay with some nifty hand signs . we arrived at our destination very quickly . we took the route along the lake back home .
i went to see [female] this weekend . [female] has made many many albums . afterwards we drove around town . this is my little gas saving car . there were very colorful buildings being lit up in lights .
there was a mother and her two children touring a new city for the day . the kids wanted to spend the day in the colorful arcade . but their mother decided to bring them to the pier for a little while . while at the pier the kids found another colorful arcade to play in . the mom decided to bargain with her children , if she let them play in the arcade they will have to end the day by riding on the ferris wheel with her .
we were so excited to be visiting location . we visited a local tea house and decided to stop for a drink . the tea pot began whistling loudly as we excitedly waited for it to be done brewing . the tea was absolutely delicious , i finished my cup in no time at all . we bought some intricate fabric as a souvenir before leaving the tea house . it was an amazing adventure .
the people are watching the car race . the red car is in the race . this car has stopped . the people are cheering and taking pictures . the people are walking up the steps to watch the car race .
the boat is seen in the distance in front of the hills . the sun is attempting to peak out from the clouds . the sun is hidden by the clouds . the waterway and hillside are blended as one . the sun is setting behind the hills on a beautiful night .
owner of asian restaurant was happy to show the place . everybody was very friendly . several people worked on the kitchen . the food looked delicious . a cook showed couple tricks .
today we visited a famous historic church . the stained glass windows caught the sun perfectly . the altar was beautiful . it was so spacious inside . looking back , we could imagine it crowded with people in the pews .
beautiful night to go the boardwalk . the setting sun over the ocean was obstructed by clouds . it 'll be dark soon anyway . i love the boardwalk at night because the of the ferris wheel lights . arrived at the beach the next morning and decided not to swim -jellyfish warning . there is now an animal exhibit on the boardwalk . i do n't think tigers like being near the water .
we 're traveling somewhere , can you guess where we are from this photograph of a street we walked along on our way ? location ave ! we 're getting closer . today we went to the organization organization . the day was nice and a number of other tourists were out and about taking pictures in front of the president 's house . here 's an image of the location location that i took later in the day .
the drum [male] leading the military band . the colonial fife and drum corps . the fife players did a great job . this drum was too heavy to carry , so it had wheels . some veterans protesting at the end of the parade .
a family was driving home . since it was cold that day , the mother made tea and coffee for the fmaily . she then started to cook some sausages . she made a great sausage and rice dish for her family . after dinner , she baked some pies for dessert .
on our way to the location , we had to turn around . the road seemed to have a lot of damage . here is one of the cracks close up . here is another picture a crack . and here is the scary yet amazing picture of what the earth can do .
every year , the wongs came to visit us for a week during the summer . spiky had escaped from his aquarium and was sun bathing in the back yard ! [male] and [female] looked around the sun-bleached space , imagining the centuries of family stories that flowed from these walls . [male] grew nervous , unsure of which direction to take ; knowing he was getting later by the minute . [male] sighed as his mother insisted on snapping a photo in front of the airport doors . it was his first trip overseas , and it seemed she was just as excited !
the parade had floats , and marching bands playing their tunes . vendors sold street food to the spectators . the crowd was accepting of everyone as they watched the parade come down the street . mostly everyone had fun , including this couple who got closer together .
waiting for the bus can be a painful experience . but this couple entertained themselves , they cuddled up close for warmth and enjoyed the extra few minutes that they had to focus on each other . this group of friends also used each other to entertain themselves while they waited . until finally , the bus pulled up , and everyone got on it . soon , they would be at their final destination and would carry out their normal , routine lives .
the all guy vacation started off great . a game of beer pong just like back in college . then it was off to the slopes for some skiing and snowboarding . afterwards , two of the guys cooked up a delicious meal . while others rocked out in the living room . we ended the night with shots ! what a great vacation .
we spent christmas at uncle [male] 's house . the dinner table was decorated with my uncle 's favorite plaid cover . my dad is on a business trip so only my mom and sister came with us . my uncle does n't know i got him a miniature trombone as a gift . i got my sister a miniature boat for no reason whatsoever .
the happy faces of woman when they get together to surprise their friend or family member in her bridal shower . this is the joy of laughter when the woman came together and let it all hang out . they held the shower at a japanese restaurant , and the woman gathered around to see the chef at work and play . they made sure to take a picture of the bride to be with an exuberant smile on her face . the fun and games continued and brought much joy and laughter to all the woman who attended .
it is interesting how the design of buildings differ in various countries . in order to get a feel of the scenery , i decided to take a stroll with my trusty companion . the scenery was full of plant life and various color houses . as the sun was setting , it looked almost like a dream . we reached back to our final destination , our house .
the meeting had been running late . so we decided to wrap it up and take notes to continue tomorrow . afterwards we were all starving and decided to get something to eat . we were told to take a number . then we decided to wait outside until our food was ready .
i was excited for the conference . it had been a long time since i 'd seen anyone . i was so happy to be placed at table seven along side my friends so we could catch up . and look who i found ? i was so excited . we had n't seen each other in so long . the food was amazing . such a variety . they had this very yummy dessert . i would like to taste that again .
we are headed out to the field today to work . before we leave , we have a metting on what we are going to do . after the meeting we get all our stuff togther . we check the van to make sure there is no issues . finally our debriefing we head off to work .
the family is in a bike race today . [female] just gets to ride along . so does [female] , in the back relaxing . there is also a parade going on . [male] wants to walk , not ride in the boat .
we loved the view of the city . our amazing cat looked suave as always ! we all had fun hanging out at our house . we invited a large group over to hang out . the night was culminated with the firework display !
many different people turned out for the festivities . some were wearing some funny looking clothes . there were many people there enjoying the day with conversations and laughter . there was some live music that people were dancing to . kids were blowing bubbles and enjoying the day as well .
i got bored one day and decided to play wii sports . i began by selecting my position . i 'm playing tennis against three other people . first , i had to return the ball . it was now my turn to serve .
this car was damaged very badly . hopefully , this airbag protected the driver from injury . it 's already to be hauled away now . it 's sad that the car was destroyed . this is how badly the back part of the car was damaged .
the outside of the building was very elegant . there was a nice lamp structure that i enjoyed . there were also other unique structures that caught my attention . i wanted to take a picture of every interesting structure . i had to get a shot of this interesting hotel .
we went to the beach today . we had a great time being down by the water . so many people were they having such a good time . it was a very bright day , i 'm glad i had my hat ! i had so much fun in the sand . i love the beach !
my town just had it 's annual spring parade and it was great . there was a whole lot of people attending the parade . people in the parade carried a large colorful flag . the floats in the parade were crafted wonderfully . the tail end of the parade had drummers and it was a perfect way to end the event .
what an exciting day . the tour de france . the floats were amazing . there was a pig . and whatever this thing is !
brightly dyed easter eggs are ready for the baskets . a selection of yummy chocolates are added , too . plates are laden with homemade food . now it 's time for us to enjoy our meal together . fresh cream puffs top off a wonderful family easter meal together .
this is my car . it was in an accident . that made me sad . now i have to file a claim . i 'm not happy .
she was really excited to start her birthday . getting presents was always her favorite part . she put one of them in her window already . even the cat wanted to wish her a happy birthday . it was nice to spend the evening with friends .
everyone gathered for the community meeting . things got a bit tense when they discussed a recent crime wave . attendees still managed to keep their sense of humor . some people had brought their children . none of the organizer had thought about setting up childcare . two young people who were racially profiled by police had their say .
a group gathered for a social launch of a literary work . a good-sized audience turnout for the event , which was held at a bookstore cafe . the audience sat among the books and throughout the cafe . the speakers told lively stories , and had a good time during the event . the large audience was engaged .
some friends and i took a nice day trip to a local nursery . in there green house they had some amazing flowers . there were some you could even call exotic not seen very often . this was a display of some trees that grow only in the rainforest . i thought this nursery was absolutely beautiful .
the family was having a nice get together for new years eye . the weather was cold yet the sky was clear enough for fireworks . the first firework went off at midnight with a bang . soon after fireworks started appearing everywhere including downtown . the family had so much fun that they did n't notice the sun rise .
he loved her new bed so much he jumped right in . he did not want to get out . she was a good big sister and let him play . later that day we enjoyed his birthday cake . the cake came out great .
good morning , what do we have here ? chef curry with the pot ! looks both healthy and delicious . everyone agrees it smells amazing . last shot before it gets devoured .
the party was a big hit . the entire family was there . everyone was chatting and having a great time . there was a lot of good food . i hope we have another family reunion soon .
this is an event at the make a wish rally in location location . all of the kids have been invited to come and enjoy a circus . there are gymnasts with balancing acts . some of them do ribbon dances far up in the air . this motorcycle belongs to one of the parents who brought it for the older kids to enjoy .
they had driven out to location just for this ! [female] posed with it , pretending to hold the legs . they admired the feat of creating something so large . but wondered what the intent of it really was . either way , it looked cool !
i had a crazy party at my house last weekend . i invited all my friends and i had a full bar . some people brought some interesting items . we had a lot to drink throughout the night . some people fell asleep .
my sisters and i are traveling home by train in time for christmas we stop by a local eatery before heading back on the tracks . my sister left an awfully generous tip for the holiday server . on our way home we grabbed some craft beers . we were happy to see the decorations and our family kitty again .
testing out my new camera downtown . this is location . everybody here is so nice . the quality of this new camera is amazing . not sure what parade today is but this guy is all dressed up . the color of this picture has to be the best picture i 've ever taken .
it snowed for the first time this winter . we started off making a little snowman . then we walked around in the trees to see everything covered in snow . it was wonderfully white and snowy everywhere . when we got back , [female] had finished her snowman
we started with the fried calimari , it was great ! the crab looked amazing . she had fun with the crab . the cook was very entertaining . we had plenty of food to eat .
i brought my camera with me to the conference . i love to take pictures of people . sometimes i take pictures of complete strangers . there is never a shortage of subjects . i really like some of the pictures i end up with .
the basketball star in the making , became the center of attention . the opposing team tried hard to catch up , but they were out shined . the game went on with the same odds .
it was an overcast day on the canal . everybody who was out had an umbrella to stay dry . people filtered into the building to escape the rain . their destination was a bazaar and exposition . the majestic rooms of the building made everyone forget the weather outside .
a group of friends were traveling across the countryside . they drove through green rolling hills . they also drove by a winery and decided to stop and visit . tours were held at the facility and they decided to sign up for one . the trio also sampled the wines and picked out their favorites to take home .
the dating game started without a hitch . the director looked like he knew what he was doing . the people were interesting . even if their fashion was a little quirky . shay found herself having a lot of fun .
i went to the farm the other day . the place was even more beautiful than i can remember . all of the flowers were blooming . it was so pretty . i was very glad that i decided to go .
there is a home near my place that like to make light and ice sculptures for christmas . they are very creative and make amazing things . they also have a location that is there on the weekends . mrs. claus sometimes helps too . indoors they have crafts for kids .
we were ready for our gothic christmas . here 's my favorite tree decoration . this one is [female] 's though . and we both agree we love the angel on top . [male] slept in late on christmas morning .
i went for a walk yesterday . there were a lot of signs posted . i could n't read some of them . when i got to downtown i kept walking . i saw the church in the distance .
the wine glass needs washed . the tea kettle needs washed . i will wash them together . what is the worst that might happen ? oops , wine glasses are fragile . darn it ! time for some new glasses .
we decided to fly our own plane . the skies were a bit cloudy . the photographer had trouble taking the picture because of the speed . later , the plane settled at a comfortable level . it was an enjoyable experience to fly a plane .
the band was excited and a bit anxious to start their first performance . after a few mic checks and nervous introductions , the band got in position to play their favorite song . it was only a minute into the song when the lead singer got enough courage to really start giving his all in the performance . inspired by the singers enthusiasm , the drummer and bassist both got really into the song and played harder . the drummer may have gone overboard when he began to play a ten minute drum solo at the end of the band 's performance .
i went to the beach last weekend . there was a lot of garbage there . some of the buildings were abandoned . they were vacant . there were signs posted throughout the town .
we toured location , location location on our recent vacation . the scenery in the numerous parks was so calm and relaxing . flowers were everywhere , even outside their churches . the old architecture was fascinating to me . but i was n't in shape to climb the stairs to the top of the clock tower ! i was ready to go home after that .
a group of friends and i decided to attend a formal event that was held by a mutual other friend of ours . there was dancing on the dance floor and apparently some kissing too by the love birds . a friend read some important piece of speech to make the mood more suited for the event . everyone had a good time mingling around with each other . we left when there was a fabulous lighted setting on the platform , look at that design !
i got the hold the flag for our group on the run today . we were all proud to be there , especially [male] . he was the most excited . eventually , most of us got tired though . [male] was leading our pack during the run .
we saw some nice houses on the trip . we liked the porch on this one . however , the porch on this one was all the way across and the flag was a nice touch . this house seemed to be biggest and included a garage and in-law suite . this house had the nicest garage and included a possible rental apartment over the space . this house had the best yard for playing and also had a nice porch .
nice beautiful home with gated fence for privacy sets on acres of land colorful flowers that bloom very pretty overall nice wonderful view to see and live
we decided to throw a fiesta . family and friends came out to enjoy the festivities . it was a lot of booze involve . the friends are holding their beers up . the fiesta was so fun that my friend was stuck at out house because he was drunk . a party to remember .
grandma [female] and baby [female] wanted to sit some place comfortable before the birthday cake was brought out . being that it was [female] 's first birthday we did n't want to get cake everywhere so [female] helped hold her back at times . a neighborhood friend and her baby decided to drop by to help us celebrate the day . once the kids had gotten their fill of cake they wanted to go play with some of the loudest toys in the house . dad caught one of the kids playing around with something he should n't have been and decided to take it from him .
our town had its annual family cycle races . my son [male] , even joined in . this was his first time riding in the race . [male] won a stuffed doggie for finishing second in his age division . he was more interested in the cotton candy his dad was getting him for being such a good boy .
my friends and i went to the beach for a day of fun . my dog wanted to explore and greet everyone ! we did some playing around as the day wore on . someone brought sparklers , and we drew pictures in the air . once it was dark we all headed home . it was a nice day .
it 's mardi gras time and it 's time to celebrate . there is lots for younger kids to do . older kids can make crafts . there is plenty of food to sample . this table is waiting for their meals . even the youngest of kids can partake in the fun . it 's nice that this is a family affair .
as a japanese exchange student i 'm asked quite often about what i find different . actually , we are quite the same . we have our version of fast-food restaurants . we also have our traditional restaurants and markets . miso soup ! our steaming hot fast-food eaten rapidly with ohashi ( chop sticks ) . my car . see , we are quite similar to you .
after driving for a while on this coastal road , we arrived at a crossroads . which way to go ? we took the left fork and soon passed this small farm . we were greeted by this curious donkey , and rewarded with stunning views .
the crew wakes up in the morning in their tents . dad gives the okay after the decision to go hiking is made . the groups sets of on their adventure . brother and sister climb a tough slope . the family reaches the top of the hill !
everyone met the office today to drink and play some games . we had this crazy drawing game . i didnt understand it but everyone else did . there were some sweet cakes too . they were actually delicious . heres everyone playing the game . dont know what they were doing but they had a blast . look at these wacky pencil things . oh the things my friends invent !
the celebrate firefighters parade opens with marchers playing horns . the procession of fire trucks follow , sounding their horns loudly . a variety of fire trucks follow the parade route , including one with a large ladder on top . an organization fire truck is shortly behind . the parade ends with a throw back fire truck from the old days with flags held high .
yesterday was my sisters birthday . we had a party with hats and streamers . there was a cake with candles . she got to blow out the candles and make a wish . we all hoped that it would come true .
the family picked somewhere in the great outdoors to go on their annual vacation . their daughter was so excited to see the green trees and the blue water . the family hiked together over the rocks , so that they could get the best view of the sun shining over the water . the water looked so clear ; who knows ? maybe they 'll get in and enjoy it for a while .
when [male] was moved to the location office , he got a much bigger office space . he loved his new office , and the location atmosphere . of course , he was as messy and disorganized as ever . but the view of the location location was delightful . everything in location seemed historical , like this row of past presidents of his company .
[female] looks really cool with the lights shining behind her . this view of the water was unforgettable . i think [female] and [male] had a little too much to drink . we call them the three musketeers ; they are never far from each other . everyone started dancing to a song by lady gaga .
while shopping for a new place to live , we looked in the location section of town . the view provided by the bedroom window overlooked a small portion of the neighborhood . however the kitchen view was n't the greatest but we were more interested in the apartment than the view . the staircase was well-made and looked to be in good working order . the bathroom provided a nice view of the mountains in the distance .
we went for a visit to the place where we plan to get married last week . my husband held me close with the sun setting in the background . i felt at such peace i could have fallen asleep on his shoulder . i got my husband to take a picture of me holding up my hands inside the room . the berries that grew on the green tree were breathtaking to see .
during the morning , the streets are empty . as people start to wake up , so does the city . it 's going to be a beautiful day in the city . the rail system is getting ready for a busy day . the sun wakes up the city .
we arrived in town and were ready to see the sights . we quickly check into the hotel and dropped our bags . and , immediately , we headed for the beaches . we love the coastline and the views ... but , we were really here to see the architectural structures .
[female] decided to have some friends over to hang out for the night . her friend [male] was the first to arrive . once everyone else arrived they all started to enjoy some alcoholic beverages . they also played games on their laptops . at the end of the night they decided to go get something to eat before calling it a night .
the dog was excited for his daily walk . the dog ran around , exploring the park . it sniffed everything it could see . the dog and its owner stopped to rest on a bridge . the dog did not want to leave but it was time to go home .
[female] was so excited to get her first private airplane ride . the pilot looked ready for takeoff . once we were in the air , the view of the landscape was breathtaking . we flew over the coastal waters on final approach . we all gathered around for a picture after the plane ride .
viewing the pictures of everybody work is the main attraction of this event [female] was on the committee of decorations tying every ballon into knot using her time sparely everybody enjoying the food and conversation the event is coming to an end and we are closing certain deals on some special pieces
i checked out the beach while on vacation . on one side of the parking lot , you could see the city . on the other side of the parking lot you could see the ocean . we saw a huge ship travel by . it was so fun , we stayed until the sun went down .
we gathered at the country club that day . they made a beautiful cake for the occasion . the view was just spectacular . grandpa told the best stories as always . we watched as many of the boats were docking .
our family always does a fireworks display for the 4th of july . my brother shot one off of the balcony that nearly caught the house on fire . we finally got the hang of it by the third shot fired . they lit the sky up in magnificent beauty . i had to be careful though because the fireworks were a bit faulty and were not wanting to burn right all night long .
the couple is going to a beautiful , exotic island . they are enjoying the sunset on the island together . he is very excited to enjoy the sunshine on their vacation ! the bungalow they are staying at is charming and sweet . they are celebrating their vacation with some alcohol with lunch !
i decided to quit my job and move to an island , for a big change of pace . the island was almost deserted . the geese were my only friends . in solitude , i had time to contemplate the small things in life . i thought a lot about myself , and the direction in which i had been headed , and where i wanted to go now . in unlikely places , i found words of wisdom , and i continued on my journey .
they planned out their trip to location location . they first went to the golden gate bridge it was very foggy . they then visited lands ' end up close as they drove away they snapped another picture of the golden gate bridge . they finished the trip with a nice dinner in location location .
we went to the beach today . there was a lot of seals . then we saw a castle . there was a lot of cool decorations . we had a really good day .
today we gathered for a picnic . mom talked about her new job . we visited the monument for the citizens . there was also a memorial on the lawn . the boys were able to fly their kites .
this years fair was a rather odd affair . so many people showed up this time . there where many odd things going around like this odd looking pig made from paper . so many people showing off their skin this year . i have to admit that it took me off guard . i had no idea what was going on here , but the ladies looked really nice this year . i was in a cage ride . at the time i thought it was a good idea to take a picture , but i lost handle of my camera and almost broke it .
our first marathon . can you read it ? [female] focusing hard . go [female] ! we got medals for trying .
it was little [male] 's first birthday and mom had planned a fun day . first [male] opened all his presents . as the first grandchild , his grandparents spoiled him with amazing gifts . next up , cake time . he dug in with a fist full and made a huge mess . despite receiving the best gifts a one year old could ask for ... . [male] was more entertained by the helium filled balloons floating up to the ceiling .
our son was born in wintertime so his birthday cake had a snowman . he wanted to play with his special little cake , not eat it . both boys wanted to stick their fingers in the frosting . he seemed pleased with his gift . someday he 'll be able tell us . big brother showed birthday baby what to do . so cute !
the boardwalk was surprisingly empty when they arrived . there were some odd sideshows along the street . the classic rollercoaster were already up and running . the seagulls were running the beach . hopefully you brought some breadcrumbs to keep them at bay . it was obvious that not a single soul here , had read this sign .
today i visited a very tall spire in the city . [female] read some of the wall 's text out loud . a happy couple never stops taking pictures together . the clouds were drawing in an intense gloominess . the pond looked just as beautiful in person as it did in the brochure .
during our trip to our friends ' marriage , we decided to stop at the beach . there was an amusement park there that we took part in . the rollercoaster looked especially fun . the beach was very relaxing , just busy enough to not be too busy . the marriage was wonderful to attend . they had it at a baseball park .
this is me today . i am so ready to get this over with ! grandma [female] and [female] arrived for my birthday . it was a total surprise ! they brought me a dog ! it 's my present ! i named him [male] sagat ! he 's so adorable . more family came . they brought me a cake . [female] helped me blow the candles out . up close of my gorgeous cake . i did n't want to eat it because it was so pretty . my aunt [female] worked hard on it .
the street cafe was perfect for breaking our morning fast . they offered many extras . i had the traditional english breakfast . we then headed to the cathedral . the gargoyles were like none i had ever seen . inside , the blue stain glass windows gave it a beautiful unique feel .
the motorcycle show was well underway . but a few visitors took a break . they decided to go look at the local flora . it was truly gorgeous . it made for great scenery .
i went to the church yesterday . they had a big party there . they made a lot of good food . everyone took lots of pictures . some of the children were armed .
the view from the trails . popping a wheelie on the side of the path . speeding down the edge of the path . going off some jumps on the trail . caught some serious air on a ramp .
i was out driving to the cliff-side shore last week . i saw a lot of wildlife along the way . when i got there the view was spectacular . there were so many huge rock formations out in the ocean . i watched the sea for about an hour and then i drove back home .
i have a very good dog . he helps keep the chickens safe . i let the chickens out to graze . the dog keeps watch . my dog is really happy and enjoys his job .
the whole family was excited for their trip to location . everyone was amazed by the beautiful architecture . we stopped at a local fruit market , everything looked delicious . we had a great time exploring the city throughout the day . we ended the day by hiring a taxi to take us to our hotel .
when we went to the big city we decided to go skateboarding . my friend got awfully close to the cars but they did n't seem to mind . most of the day it was cloudy but it did not rain on our fun . i stood next to this courthouse with a giant lion for a photo . my friend went with his hands behind his back for this shot .
the statues outside where intense . they where dark and kind of creepy . some of women holding children . usually , while screaming and crying . the last one we saw was simply an arm , but it said so much .
as we geared up for the first annual battle of the one man bands , it became clear our power supply was going to be stretched to the limit . a wide variety of pianos began to be unfolded and set up on the floor . the first band , called unitard rocked out and started playing all their big songs . the next band that played was called halfduo . this band was pretty poor compared to unitard . all two people in attendance at a great time and enjoyed the show .
there was once a business party . there were a lot of people there . there were refreshments and every one was flocking to them . there was plenty of small talk between groups . and maybe even a budding romance ?
the couple headed to the harbor to grab their boat . they took it out for a new adventure . the left their home behind for the day and headed out . the found a little island and docked the boat . they spent the day exploring this new island .
it 's a beautiful day at the at & t park . many people gather outside . the stadium is also full . it 's hot so many indulge in ice cream . this couple is having a great day so they take a selfie .
from a distance the city looked large . it was situated on the sea . surprisingly , there were many buildings in ruin . they were considered historical sites so nobody dared tear them down . even the newer houses that had been built had an ancient feel to them .
people are meeting up at the restaurant to test their new liquor . this is a picture of it . this drink was made with the liquor . these two really like how it tastes . this city has lots of events like this .
the main course was made using grandma 's recipe for stuffed peppers . the side salads were extra delicious became of the edible bowl that they were in . of course mom 's desserts looked great also , we call it restaurant style . in all , the family enjoyed another creative dinner . and cleaning up was not so bad either , once we all pitched in .
chili fries , hot wings , yum . ferris wheels , yay ! friends all over the place , cool . games , way cool . awesome to be 13 , like totally .
welcome to my hometown . allow me to show you around . i remember always coming down to this christmas tree every year and everyone in town would help decorate it . this is the general store . i used to come here after school every single day . i do n't even remember where i got the money from . waking up to go to church every sunday was always so annoying . that 's probably why i no longer go .
the night sky is really remarkable when lit by the city . the bridge also has a wonderful lighting layout . i was a bit scared by the entrance to the circus . up close , i really enjoyed the work of the artist . the buildings were decorated a bit in this neighborhood .
on easter , my two of my children like to face paint their faces . my older boy likes face painting with blank paint . my younger boy likes face painting his face with red paint . my youngest boy just likes to help making the easter eggs . my daughter also likes helping to make the easter eggs . by early morning , we had a ton of different colored easter eggs .
[male] wants to play the bling [male] game . after he is tired of that he heads over to the whac a mole game . after that its time for some skee ball . [male] puts the money into the machine in order to play . the family enjoys playing a round of skeeball .
we took our annual trip to the lake this week . the white sand and crystal clear blue water was beautiful . the water temperature was perfect when we swam . we also love the wildlife there . at the end of the of the day we had a wonderful time around the camp fire .
i was going through an old album last week . there were so many old pieces of memorabilia in there . i had a lot of fun looking at all of the old photos . they all reminded me of good times . i was very happy to have found the album in the attic .
went to the mall to do some christmas shopping ! i see the big christmas tree in the back . ca n't wait to see it ! the tree is massive and looks so pretty ! a little arcade action to end my mall trip . heading back home . i think the outside tree needs some decorating though .
my brother plays minor league hockey . i was all smiles when i went to see him play . the other team is the best in the league . my brothers team is second place . maybe some of these players will make it to the nhl .
despite it 's appearance , forested areas are quite a busy place . [female] and fauna live here , side by side . fallen trees can only hint at what kind of events took place . tree bark can even tell what kind of life a tree led . fallen trees often cover trails begging to be taken .
today we had our scottish festival and parade . i played the bagpipes as we marched . my friend carried the american flag . at the end of the day we lit some sparklers . then we took photos of the designs they made .
when i arrived at the french city of atelier , i went to the cafe first . after drinking my coffee i looked around at the cool monuments . the statues were weathered and old . the park was lonely so i headed to the ports . i saw the ships coming and going for about thirty minutes before i went back to my hotel , bored .
i went to ride on the train last week . there was a beautiful field outside . when i got to the destination i went to walk around the city . i saw a lot of street vendors . afterward i was hungry and grabbed some food .
we rented a room at this restaurant for the party . the cake they made was beautiful . photographing the photographer . how does it feel , baby brother ? buffet style always works out well if the line is n't long . everything was so organized and arranged neatly . got a photo of grandma before she left . she is always the first to go .
the fair has come to town ! there are lots of carnival foods to eat . they have activities like three-wheeled scooters . they even have pig races ! come back again soon !
i went to a local concert today to support a small town band . i like them and have their first two albums . [male] is the lead singer , i went to high school with him . my buddy [male] is on the drums . he has a killer drum set !
a train pulled through a quiet city . the city had a lovely duck pond with a bridge over it . a duck was wandering along the banks of the pond . people in the town were milling about for a town event . there was one man carrying a large drum .
walking along the open market and looking at all the wares to purchase . fruits , vegetables , all things are available . walking to the pier so smell the fresh sea air . touring such an ancient and wonderful and seeing the sights . looking out into the sea and thinking all things are possible .
it was a great night to get out with friends . the food was amazing . the company was a lot of fun too . we laughed and told stories all night . it was a great time .
this is an amazing little city even the mannequins are hot the town center is all lit up there is an ambiance of township and the coolest lighting you will ever see
dad brought me to the hockey rink for the big game . i got all dressed up and ready . this person helped me put on my hat . i did exercises to get stretched out . the whole team showed up and played our best . we ended up winning , and my dad was very proud !
while on vacation , we went hiking in the mountains . the view was spectacular . the bigger the mountain , the snow it had on it . the further we hiked up , the colder it got . when we got to the top , the sun glistened beautifully on the ridge .
the view of the canal alone was worth the trip . the architecture was spellbinding . we 've never seen buildings so old . the streets were lit up and lively . this old castle was our last stop before leaving .
on goers wait intently as the location location day parade is about to begin . the parade begins as a stilted man in a white costume leads the procession . he is followed by a group of drummers dressed in blue , beating on blue and white striped drums . the parade is over , and onlookers scatter . a beer is gripped in the hand of costumed attendee while he travels on his walking journey home .
i went to the beach today . there were many seals sleeping . my dog was playing with the seals . there were some baby seals as well . i had a great time .
childhood memories , the old train station that we played in when my uncle worked there . the barn where i experienced my first flying attempt . the old water tower we had so much fun climbing it every summer . best store for those small change items that kids love . end of childhood , where we got married .
[male] decides to take a boat ride to the grand castle and meet up with his friends . he enjoys the sky view every time he crosses the ocean . in the distance he can see the big beautiful castle as he approaches it . finally he arrives to find his friends patiently waiting with drinks on display . his friends pass him a drink and then they begin to enjoy their time together and the beautiful waterfall view .
[male] on the statue outside the exhibit . he is so weird . this is a strange exhibit . skulls with i think head dress on . a what ! oh this tribe is trippy . naked women in with this exhibit . not sure how this fits . creepy kids in pilgram clothes .
it was a beautiful fall day so we decided to go for a drive into the country and look at the leaves . unfortunately we were n't the only ones with that idea , and got stuck in traffic because of this accident . i was very disappointed that i only had roadside weeds to look at instead of fall colors . looking around once we got past the traffic , i did see some really lovely view of the farmland . in the end it was worth the trouble because it turned out to be a beautiful autumn day .
we had all finally gathered together to make the plan come true . all of our history we talked about . we knew what needed to be done , but instead of somberness we found joy in the tasks . we sat together for the last time for the last meal we would have with each other . [male] was helping with the cooking tonight . his job was to make sure the special ingredient was added . after eating we all knew the end was coming . [female] touched my face , and we kissed the kiss of the damned .
the fireworks were bright and many different colors . they were blues and purples and they were huge in the sky .
the hurricane whipped through my hometown earlier this year . we saw trees with chunks taken out of them from the high winds . the tree down the block from my house had branches broken . the debris from the storm was piled up everywhere . i went out after the storm ended , and a heavy mist still hung over everything .
different type of foods are in a bowl . another type of food in a bowl . some type of beans inside the bowl . some food frying inside a pan with sauce on top . the sauce poured on type of the food that was in the pain .
getting ready to ride the tallest ride in town ! here is a picture from the very top ! up this high you get a great picture of the bay . [male] is calm and relaxed . we are so high !
on a recent trip out of the country i expereienced some of the most beautiful scenery . out of one window , i could see the vast ocean and a distant island . out of the other window , i could see another distant island and decided to go explore it . as i explored the island , i found beautiful flowers . finally i left to come back home through the midnight ferry back to the mainland .
it looks like rain today so we better get started . i wanted to get a quick swim in before the showers approached us . when i got to the pool i could see that there were other people there . because there were so many people i decided to go into my computer room to play some games . while i was playing games i remembered that i had a paper due for school .
location gras for local residents of my town.to encourage young and old alike to come together.proceeds went to the local senior center . we all had the option to wear masks and necklaces.i choose to as it gives especially the setting and mood i think . this was advertised on our school doors , but flyers were sent home with interested individuals . small potluck of different foods maybe experience at real mardi gras . everyone had a chance to learn a song and dance to the music.it is a lot harder then it looks playing an instrument .
the racers are coming up . everyone is trying very had to win the race . these two are on the same team . they both seem very determined . this man is about to win !
this guy decided that he wanted highlights in his hair , so he asked his girlfriend for help . she laughed because she knew he was not going to enjoy the process , but she agreed to do it anyway . since they had no cape , she cut a hole in a trash bag and placed it over his head . he was skeptical when she first washed out his hair . he was not at all sure that he was going to like it . turns out , he was right . he did n't like it , but he knew that it would grow out so he was n't too upset .
we sat on the beach and watched the ocean . the waves from the ocean were very beautiful today . hung out with my friend today , she was being funny . this would be an awesome house to live in , i 'm jealous . played pool tonight with my friends , great time !
this old country had many things that were interesting . their building designs were something like we have never seen . the statues all had something to say . we found this random chalk board in one of the rooms . some of the buildings that we found seemed to be very modern .
i had to go to a funeral for two small children . it was a really emotional day as the people dug the graves in a traditional way for their final resting place . people put stuff in a little memory box to commemorate their lives that were cut too short . there were pictures being passed around to remember the two children . everybody gathered and listened to emotional speeches . it was very moving . i would n't wish this on anybody .
ecclectic drinks were poured . there was a lot of dancing . the lights were a fun part of the show . fun photos were taken from the night . it was a holiday bash to remember .
the crashed car had erupted in flames . the fire was spreading to the local trees . quickly firemen appeared on the scene to fight the fire . they got in close to put it out . soon they had managed to stop the fire and keep everyone safe .
all ready for a nice summer cook out and swim ! mom , dad and daughter . lots of girls ready to hit the water and get some sun ! we cant forget the guys ! i bet they are eager to hit the water after them nice cold brews . these 2 are having a blast playing dodge ball in the pool . after the nice pool party and cookout , the family and friends ended the night with a intense game of poker .
many cute dogs showed up for the dog show . my personal favorite was this little guy . all kinds of dogs were there performing . the owner and his dog are very attached . this dog is very well trained .
this tent is where the kids go to school . these kids are wearing their school uniforms . this tent is where the first aid is . this building is going to be where the new school is . the kids are happy about their new school .
today we went to the beach . the water were wild but it was still beautiful . we found a little hill and decided to take some pictures . we found beautiful wild lives too . there was nothing better to finish with the sunset . what a wonderful trip .
having fun with his coworker . its a a all boy night tonight . his neighbor and his older brother joined him for a picture . they were ready to start the night with drinks . and they were finally full after eating the ribs .
today i marveled at the beauty of the sunrise . i was amazed at how man could build the location location location . i looked out over the bay and counted my blessings . the sun set over the mountains was glorious . then i watched as night crawled in .
excitement was palpable on the day of the big game . fans young and old could n't wait to take their seats for the pre-game show . the home team 's marching band gave a stellar , crowd-pleasing performance . before the game began , a special tribute was given as an award was bestowed upon a retiring coach . as the sun set and the team ran onto the field , fireworks surprised and delighted the crowd .
the day started out a bit hectic , everyone was a little confused . they had a long cold journey ahead of them . they had to walk a bit of a distance to get to their destination . once there , everyone pretty much let loose and got comfortable . the d.j.`s started to set up their booth for a good time and good music .
these are some chubby seals . oh ! what is that shiny , black thing ? is that a baby seal ? aww , first kiss hello from mom to baby . welcome to the world , little one .
toured an old train museum today . this one is really old . this one looks like a christmas train . where 's my presents ? better picture of the old train . someone put train wheels on a organization bug ... how cool ! this one is really cool looking . kind of art deco looking .
travel has always fascinated me . some people prefer trains . others prefer to drive themselves . some even like the subway . you can always go grand on a ship . i myself prefer to use my feet .
we started our vacation with a sight seeing tour- here 's a castle the guide pointed out . the arc d'triumph ? not quite , but still an impressive site ! head at the history museum , kind of creepy but cool ! we went to the beach the next day and got our tan on . night out on the town , check out this awesome fountain !
the lead singer from the show was really great ! the drummer kept the song together the crowd was really enjoying the show it looks like the lead singer was having a good time these two played great together
our day began with our toes in the sand . my wife took several candid shots . i decided to take a few shots myself . the landscape was so precious . i am very glad we could share the vacation together .
through the haze of memory , we can remember the spectacular night . there was wonderful music provided . beautiful songs were sung as well . the experience lasted long into the night . and though the memories are n't quite crystal clear , the remembrance of fun never fades .
coco fest was held in downtown location . it featured performers from many countries . organization organization organization dropped the beat with this speakers . the crazy hippies dropped it like it was super hot . the karate masters decided to perform their skills on the hippies .
before the firefighter 's family fair , the unit gathered for a group photo . after the photo , fair responsibilities were assigned . it was my job to take kids on a quick drive in the fire engine . my daughters relaxed inside with some gear . outside , fathers and sons took a seat on a stack of fire hoses .
this man is starting his hiking trip . he set up a blue and white tent before dark he has reached a point where he place a sign . on the side of the mountain there is plenty water below . the man reach the top of the mountain and is having himself a beverage .
we started early in the morning when we prepared for flight . while the sun was rising , we were elevating steadily . we reached a decent height about ten minutes . when we got back to the ground , our manager helped us dismantle . he is a really smart and capable man .
at night when the place is all lit up it feels like a different world . all of the shops have little things that make them different than the next place . the way all of the buildings are lit up make you feel like magic is in the air . we had food there as well . it was everything that i could have hoped for . all of the little shops where what i needed to see .
grandma loves when all the kids come over to visit . she will pick them them up and put them on her lap even though it hurts . the kids love each other as well giving lots of hugs and love . grandma can not forget her little girl and gives her some love as well . grandpa says it 's time for cake .
here we are , on one of the biggest outcroppings in the country . we took a bit of a trip with our tour guide to this gorgeous field . soon , we were seeing all the pre-modern architecture and churches in location . we were so scared when we saw this one , we thought it was human ! we turned in for the night not too long after that .
the first building was had a forbidding look about it . everybody seems to be headed to the small white house . there was a crush of people waiting to get in . others were waiting outside . the man is giving a lecture about the history of the house .
the city is fascinating place . we stopped and got the best hot dogs . there were many tall buildings . we got a ride in pedi cab . and then took a ride in a taxi cab .
the storm ruined so many homes . looks like it ripped the front off the house and piled it up . it even blew this boat up on shore and into a yard . oh wow ! it picked up this car and dropped it on top of that truck . oh those poor people . the storm destroyed their entire house .
cities rich in history are the best cities to visit . the architecture and bridges are gorgeous . the local markets remind us of the simplest things in life . if you are feeling adventurous , you can rent little carts to explore the city . the best part of the city , is its beauty and how it integrates nature , culture , and civilization .
our first breakfast on the cruise ship . we enjoyed a little 7up while eating . then we took a stroll on the deck . we checked out the cars in the garage of the ship we asked a bystander to take this photo of the three of us
we visited a beautiful old church . the church had been erected by the early colonists . at the time , they were still loyal to the [male] ; his crest is seen outside the door . i could imagine each brick being placed by a different set of hands ; one community come together to contribute to a great task . they built their tribute to god , then sat in eternal rest at its feet .
the festival was really fun , our friends met us there . she dyed her hair just for this , it looked great . there was a choreography contest going on , it was unique . the streamers were always fun , they made the day different . the umbrella kept the heat and sun off of us , we probably should not of worn black .
we decided to visit an old location location town . we saw statues of old american heroes peppered around the town . after , we decided to visit the zoo . their famous group of pink flamingos were our favorite . we fed the exoctic birds and continued around the zoo .
this was the young child 's first birthday . she got to rip open her presents . her favorite present was this [male] doll . she played with nothing else . to cap off the day she blew out her first birthday cake candle .
location might not be considered a popular tourist attraction but there are some thing to look at . this is the house used in the movie christmas story . here is a better shot . location also has some interesting architecture . some of the architecture is post modern .
people started to arrive for the cookout around 2 in the afternoon . it was good to get the friends and family together for fun and food and drinks . dad enjoyed a glass of wine while he manned the grill . the burgers and sausages were delicious . but of course , everyone was most looking forward to setting off the fireworks when the sun went down .
entered my first sculpture into the local art gallery . it was a statue made of wood . i put a lot of effort into building it . it was time consuming to cut and fit each piece perfectly together . but after 4 long months i finally had it finished and just in time to enter it .
our trip to the mountains was held up by bad weather . so we toured the river instead . we found our camping spot . after foraging through the woods we found food . we were happy to be at the river instead of the mountain .
the little girl got a hold of the garden hose . uh oh , what will she do . she 's already spraying ii . she started spraying the glass door . then she sprayed some plants . she went back spraying the door trying to get the person on the other side .
today we went to visit the easter candy store . they had a big bunny that was made entirely of chocolate . here are some eggs made of different types of chocolate and fillings . they had some cool and fun easter baskets you can buy . lucky [female] was able to take one home herself .
a wildfire is burning in the forest . the flames keep getting higher as it spreads . it is really getting out of hand someone better get here quick or it could really get out of control . help finally arrives as the fire truck is here . the firefighters are preparing to fight the wildfire in the forest .
kids having a good time on christmas morning . [female] trying to find all her present to grandma . grandma being surprised opening her present . the kids taking a pic with their grandparents . me being a sleepyhead caught taking a nap .
today was sight seeing day at the location . this is the initial spot you enter - although it looks like a castle , it really is n't . this is what they were calling the maul , the water looks still until you get near it , then it looks ripply . this was the entry to the gardens walk path .
i always ride the brain buster roller coaster on my birthday . a broken transmission is n't going to stop me . the only other transportation available at my home is designed for a 2-year-old . nothing was going to stop me , so i walked the train tracks . it took forever but i finally made it to the amusement park . that 's me , in the second car , turning green and about to lose my lunch . i ca n't imagine a better way to spend my birthday .
my husband and some friends came with me to the baseball game . they got to take pictures on the field . we were n't the only ones attending the game , i saw plenty of my coworkers . the game started off slow in the beginning . but soon it picked up and we were all hyped up on adrenaline , hoping our favorite team won .
my friends and i decided to check out the new brewpub in town . the guys were chosen to pick out some beers to try . here 's our first taste of one of their beers . not bad - three of us really liked it ! i was n't that keen on it myself though .
the group sat down together to have a large meal . then they had a few drinks and told stories . they played games and had a good time . after that everyone began to dance . at the end of the night the crowd played even more games .
we went with our pup to go see chickens at the farm . we saw the chicken coop as well as the free roaming chickens . our dog was watching and waiting patiently . although we probably think he was dying to chase after them !
i won free tickets to attend the vloggies awards . this is me on the right , and my best friend who i chose to bring with me . here 's a photo of some of our favorite vloggers . bunny and her pet bunny carrot were there too ! at the end of the night a cash award was given to the top voted vlogger .
ravi and all his friends loved school he really loved reading . he got to pick out a new book at the book fair . ravi and his brother read it together . it was such a fun book .
this is an old steel industrial town . there are not that may people who live in this town . there is plenty work here . there are also very beautiful structures . there are also some really cool restaurants here .
the clock tower glistens in the foreground . a woman wearing a scarf stands on the bridge for a picture . the bridge has a curved shaped right over the water . this monument marks the entry to location . the building is the train station and is relatively empty .
[male] is very happy . today he weds the love of his life [female] . [female] is just as beautiful to [male] as the day that they met . he quickly says i do . [male] 's best man took a break and relaxed in the sand . [male] asks him to hold the bouquet of flowers . the sun is going down . the sky is beautifully lit up . [male] and his wife [female] start to enjoy their night as newlyweds . [male] and [female] are very happy together . they walk along the sandy beach and talk about their future together as husband and wife .
the organization just won the organization title . the players showed up to have fun with the fans . the fans were very elated . it had been awhile since they won a title . the fans went crazy seeing the players .
i went the presentation yesterday . i took a bus there . there were many people speaking . the building was very nice . afterward we were allowed to ask questions .
walking on campus , making plans to attend my friend 's wedding . we 've arrived at our destination . great scenery . there 's the happy bride & groom . what a nice couple they make . this is where they had the reception . gorgeous spot and romantic , too . that 's us picnicing the next day before we have to return home . hate to leave .
the house is empty and abandoned needs a lot of attention to this house also the yard needs work but after all the house can be repaired and look different and brought back to life
the buildings look abandoned . the water tower is tall . this is another vacant building . the curch looks nice . looking up into the top window .
to get the party started , we grabbed some tequila we figured there was no better way to get people drinking and loose than to have some pretty girls serving face paint helped some people shed their inhibitions without inhibitions , some of the partygoers really cut loose it took absolutely 0 inhibition to sit and take a picture with this donkey thing
upon arriving today at location location location location we were greeted by this fire danger sign . we decided to go on a hike and find some adventure.the natural sounds all around from local wild life was relaxing . the beauty of the scenery made it easy to realize why there would be concern for fire safety . just then overhead we heard a helicopter flying over when we looked up we saw that it carried a bucket of water . we came over the hill to a clearing and saw the rest of the helicopters preparing for any sign of fire danger .
everyone is listens as a speech is made . the two ladies smile for the camera . two guests take a selfie together . its possible that they are singing . the two guests laugh and have a great time .
this is very close to what an ancient weapon may look like . they are breaking dirt apart looking for something that may have been buried long ago . this is actually what an arrow head looks like . these canoe boats are made very old style . this is a piece of a structure of some importance .
waiting to cross the street to get to the fair . the children are enjoying the ride . friends in the background what the little girl riding alone . the wee one is riding alone but still having a good time . the little girl does n't mind being a lonely little lemon drop at the end of the ride .
[male] decided ice cream was a good decision . hot summer day . his sister [female] looked on , and said nothing . she knew . he continued eating his ice cream , oblivious , determined . [female] decided to let it go , go for a ride at the carnivale , and give her brother [male] a thumbs up . [male] 's girlfriend , who knows organization is diabetic , looked on , with disapproval .
the view was amazing from he car . the rocks and water just smelled so good . the sun was shining just right . the water was so blue and peaceful . this was the prettiest shot i got that day .
we 're out here checking out this awesome park . exploring some the caves . what a sight this is to see . they 're living right in there . there 's everything you can see from here .
we took a day trip , and we toured some magnificent places . the buildings were rather unique . then , we went to the beach . we sat on the sound and watched the waves roll in . we ended our trip with some delicious local ice cream . it was a fun day !
i love to visit weidner 's burial lot . it 's just a tiny little plot with some very old graves . the markings on the headstones are beautiful . i like to imagine what these people were like in life . someone still cares enough to place a flag on one of the headstones .
i took a long stroll through the park today . i made sure to smell every flower i saw . i sat for about an hour under the gazebo . i examined all of the woodwork carvings that can be found throughout the park . the flowers smelled so good .
the cranberry red motorcycle stood proudly on the dirt patch . a light blue motorcycle was hidden by the recreational vehicle . there was an air of patriotism as the truck drove down the street . finally all the motorcycles arrived at the staring point . two late comers were held up in the traffic by the qwik mart .
as we waited for our friends to arrive , we admired this red car parked outside . shortly after , more and more friends were arriving to the party . our neighbors ' dog even came to join the fun . our neighbors watched over the fence . we later admired my mom 's flowers in the garden .
she took a visit to a historic town today . she passed by a local market . she visited a bunch of tourist sites including this tower . later , she took a boat down a river to take in all the local buildings . at the end of the day , she settled down in the apartment of a friend .
i had a great time at the bmx competition . there were tons of cool bikes there . the riders did cool tricks . some of them were dangerous . it was a ton of fun .
there was an old cemetery behind the local church . this church was built from the 1800 's . the graves were older . the writing on the headstones were almost all weathered away . there was an old stone gate leading into it .
the beach is so long but we love it anyway . the water surges up along the sandy way . i wish there was a balcony but all we get here is these little windows . posing in front she spreads her arms so happy to be here . perfect lawns and lovely trees surround where we live for now .
we spent the day driving through the mountains . even when we got closer to them , they still looked far away ! we drove through location location and decided to stay there for the night . our campsite did n't look like much , but at least we all got some sleep . we were back on the road in the morning and , before i knew it , the mountains were far away again .
[male] had his first birthday party he was excited he was so happy to see his cake oh and he enjoy every bit of it after the party it was time to wash up
i love my green thumb . tomatoes are my favorite to grown my cat like to help me in the garden . i even garden in the winter time . i always end my day with my favorite drink .
a family visited a museum . they saw the cathedral inside that was built into it . some of the statues there were very creepy . however , some of their exhibits were very cool . at the end of the day , the family posed outside of the museum .
the ferris wheel in the city was towering over . the view of the city with many old historic buildings . the corner building with a single bus in front was interesting . the view of the historic building provided a memorable photograph . the view from high above of the historic restaurant .
there was a large gathering planned for our band today ! such a great night out . we thought it was going to rain , but thankfully did n't . [male] was belting his heart out on the songs throughout the night . [male] looked really great with his outfit . at the end of the night , we thought it was a successful outing .
i decided to go to the beach . i went and watched some of the boats go by for awhile . after i was done watching the boats , i decided to walk around . i came across a lot of different sculptures , including this dolphin one . there were many stores in the area so i decided to go shopping .
a fire started in the apartment across the street . a man called the fire department to try to get help . as the fire department pulled up , they could see a lot of smoke . the news quickly got ahold of the story and started broadcasting . as the sun went down , the fire department began to gain control of the flame .
there were ruins of an old bridge . fisherman slowly poled down the river . the view of the river from the verandah was relaxing . the travelers were amazed at this ancient tree . a little crab stops to pose for a picture .
it is play day at the school . lots of kids are there to play . they have set up lots of different games . the kids all get ready and begin to play . they all have so much fun !
my wife eagerly opened the gift from me for her birthday . she knew that i was aware of what she wanted . she could hardly wait to open the box and check it out . wow , a brand new ipad . just what you want . she was excited to get it out of the box and explore all its new features .
a family went to the beach and walked along the boardwalk . they played boardwalk games . they rode on the roller coasters . there were tons of seagulls on the beach when they got there . a lot of people were swimming because the weather was so nice .
the awning of the merry-go-round had the most beautiful masks . here is one of the mirrors on the extremely detailed merry-go-round . the whole gang eagerly awaited their turn to ride the world famous `` zipper '' . here 's the zipper in action as it reaches its peak . the ferris wheel was our last stop of the day and one of the more picturesque shots .
the playground at school is quite today . all the kids are getting ready for a bake sale some of them made cookies and ham . there is alot of food .
we visited a coastal town in location . we stopped at a local restaurant for some traditional fish and chips . next , we bought some salt water taffy at location . we sat by the waterside and watched the fishing boats . then we took a walk on the boardwalk .
i have a bunch of chickens . i need the dogs help in order to get the chickens and eat them . the dog is happy to help me . we got them and cooked them . i shared my food with the dog because it helped me .
the local farmers were doing their haying today . a close up shot of some really cool flowers . a very unique looking tree right next to where i took the shot of the flower . looking down the coast from a cliff . relaxing after a long day of touring around the countryside .
easter is a great family holiday . the kids look so cute dressed up with there baskets . he was really excited for the easter egg hunt . he found a ton of eggs . it was great to relax after a long holiday .
the whole family gathered here for christmas - even the kids . the dog even got a present . grandpa refused to wear a shirt . christmas tradition . we all posed for a photo after the presents . the in-laws also showed up for christmas dinner .
the vent was open so that i could see through it . i had a great view of the ocean and i could see many things . the island was open and was surrounded by very blue waters . the pink flowers were very bold and fresh in this area . the light on the boats reflected off the water nicely .
took a trip to location and went to the swap meet . bought some kilts . took a picture with these lovely lads and lasses . and then there was this crazy fucker . great time at the scottish swap meet .
i am so happy to be at the beach today . clear skies mean there will be plenty of sunshine . it looks like a lot of people decided to come enjoy the water today . there are a couple of boats to watch while i relax on the sand . i am definitely riding that ride before i leave .
we love to drive around and see all the lights during christmas time . the city puts up many different lights . we like driving around to see them all . they look so pretty all lit up . we have such a great time seeing the lights as a family .
in the winter , the town where i grew up was a place of wide snow covered roads and friendly people . how well i remember the rides on my little sled pulled by mom on brilliant days . with delight i 'd roll in the icy cold fluff making snow angels . then after a day of play in the cold fields , mom and i would trudge back to town . back in our warm house , mom would make hot chocolate with marshmallows to warm our weary , happy souls .
we went to the freestyle expo there was bmx freestlye dance freestyle as well so many talented people performed included [male] jeorge
i was so excited to be at the st. [male] 's day parade . the crowds along the parade route were huge . there were strange and interesting costumes displayed . there were also several marching bands there . the best part was hanging out with my friends when it was over .
preparing the buses to bring the fans to the concert.. already getting in long lines . arriving with the flags waving in the air . pinas el oro in location . waiting for the concert to start .
arriving at the beach . the sun was n't out . so we explored instead . the beaches were quiet . we went back to the parking site and left .
while i was at dinner yesterday i was interviewed . i told them that i really like the restaurant . afterward we bought some drinks and toasted . our food was delicious . it 's my new favorite restaurant .
he ordered pizza online . they waited a while . she did n't mind though . he was getting impatient . we looked at the ornaments on the tree while we waited .
we did a little snowboarding today . the slopes were pretty empty . it looked like snow , so more people came out for the possible fresh powder . it got pretty snowy . we went inside for a big plate of pasta in cream sauce .
today after church we decided to go to the park . we got really hungry and decided to get some food first . then [male] wanted to go to the game shop to buy a new game we finally made it to the park ! but due to all the detours the park was closed . it 's okay though ! we are going to the park tomorrow instead .
couple sets out on a location tour . this rv was rented to reduce hotel issues , and wear and tear on their car . first stop iconic hollywood . houses of the stars , etc . looking down on the endless sprawl of location next they will return the rv and take a house boat out from this location .
what a beautiful sunset she thought to herself . the sky was brilliant . she started to dance . twirling around in the sand to the music in her mind . she was easily amused and enjoyed her own company .
we took the kids to the costume parade in the city . the kids insisted on dressing up , even though it 's not really a participatory parade . i let them , because it 's fun to dress up . we stayed at a friend 's house , and all crashed on her couch . the next day , my son [male] was up early , eager for the parade !
the friends were hanging out outside . they sat around talking . the couple took a picture . they then started playing with fireworks . soon they had a fountain going off .
the road just behind the lake lay hidden , masked by a large hill , but it was the quickest point to get there . passing by the road , almost every day , he wondered where it might lead and what might be on the other end . the countryside was filled with houses that seemed almost hidden , tucked gently into the hillside . one of the donkeys always seemed to sneak off , gleefully finding mischief to get into . the waves began to grow more and more choppy as the day passed and the onlookers knew a storm would soon be coming .
the event was fun for the children . they enjoyed the balloons and other decorative items . each rode their mini bike in the exhibition . and received toys for their participation . the day was exciting for kids and parents .
today i spent the day at my daughter 's school . we played a lot of games . here 's my daughter blindfolded . you had to walk on a straight line without falling off . here is my daughter 's best friend and parents from school . it was a fun day , and my daughters was happy to spend the day with me and her friends .
everybody came to the fair for the rides . they stayed for all the other fun things to do though , like horseback riding ! the multi colored slides were a big hit with the children . there were also lots of fun games where you could win prizes . many were intrigued by the large farm equipment on display .
here is [male] going to work on his skateboard . [male] enjoys weaving in and out of traffic . here is [male] saying `` see how much i save not using a cab '' . [male] is going to get caught one day using the bus lane . [male] still has several blocks to go before he gets to work .
i had a great time in downtown today . there were a lot of people walking around . i stopped by a restaurant to see my friends . afterward we went on a bike ride . it was a lot of fun .
the local racetrack let people drive their cars on the track for a small fee . this guy was pretty funny in his little old boxy car . this little red car just poked around while blasting his stereo at full volume . the driver of this little silver car wowed everyone , sliding through all of the turns and even doing a controlled 360 . then there 's always that one guy .
we approached the mountains by boat . these are highest mountains we 've climbed . elevation was 5,000 feet . snow blocked many of the trails . sunset .
a top secret military event haptening . i was able to attend because i knew one of the generals . no one minded that i was here , i just stood up straight and smiled . the event had a lot of interesting conversation . this man talked about the war in the location location
a lot of families came together to sit on the grass and watch the 4th of july fireworks . they sat together and ooh-ed and ahh-ed as the fireworks went off . one firework looked just like a christmas tree . another resembled a large fiery ball as it exploded over the crowd . at the end , the people putting on the show shot off a lot of big ones for the finale .
beaches can be fun ! there is always a lot of fun to be had in the sand . even when swimming is n't permitted due to danger , it is always nice to relax and soak up the sun . if you are in to thrill , this beach has rides to suit your needs .
we drove to my mom 's house for dinner . she insisted on us having tea . we cooked up some fresh sausages . mom made some rice to eat the sausages with . dad was upset that we did n't cook something in his trusty broiler .
when the fireworks started , no-one was thinking much about fireworks safety . it did seem like the fireworks were being set off a bit close to buildings . but they were so beautiful , no-one wanted them to stop . one of the last bursts filled the sky , and made everyone gasp . then -- -disaster struck . a flaming ember bit paper on the porch , and the house caught fire and was eventually destroyed .
the festival of lights started off with lots of santas on the lawns . the trees were draped in lights and there was even a canadian flag . there were also non-lighted displays that you had to get closer to see . the walkway had arches with lights on them to show you the way . my girlfriend and i enjoyed ourselves .
there was a special event held , with different types of wine available . the turnout was fantastic ! not only was there wine , but a ton of great food as well . the highlight of the event was the speech given by the oldest residents in town . after the speech , everyone mingled and had a great time .
this year , for vacation , we went to the beach . the sand felt so good between our toes . we found a relaxing spot to set up our chairs and towels . after the beach , we did some shopping at local stands . as we left , we decided that we 'd definitely be back again soon .
we watched the television and laughed . on the wall , was a display of tennis raquets . the grill was very useful in making our food . we went inside to analyze the pictures we had on the wall . the store was full of random items .
the ocean looked so amazing on our first day to the beach . we all just really wanted to swim . we were excited though by just being there . our beach house was pretty large . and it had a pool table which kept us occupied .
hockey coaches talking to their team number 6 is giving his medal that he deserves he poses for the camera in his game play form the boy poses with his teammates at the end of the ceremony . the boy gets another honor and poses with his proud dad .
i went to my church for a service . the pastor used his laptop so he could see his notes . his sermon was interesting , and on point . this is a beautiful statue at the front of the church . after the pastor was done , he asked if there were any prayer requests .
when our office has a day out , we do it right . everyone managed to make it to the party at the lake , even the ceo , [male] . and though the clouds looked threatening at times , all went well . interestingly , [male] was the life of the party . he even took us to the marina for a cruise around the lake on his yacht . pretty cool guy .
this was the first float of the parade . the location was simply beautiful . once these skaters passed by , we kind of wanted to join in the fun . these people had beautiful colors , but not as beautiful as this peacock .
although many people love visiting the provincial capitol , i have always found it depressing , with the narrow street and the gloom . my hotel was lovely , but it only added to my depressed feeling to be there with all the happy people . this tree seemed sad , alone in the middle of a cement forest . the streets were often empty . everything seemed drained of life . i was eager to leave at the depot as soon as i could .
the competitors in the biking obstacle course race took off at the sound of the gun . [male] took an early lead and biked easily down the path . the first major obstacle was the steep downhill dirt path . the hardest part by far , was the balance beam everyone had to cross . ever the showman , [male] took time to do a wheelie for pleased spectators .
the sun started finally appearing after a few snowy winter days . you could look out over the field and see the snow melting . the mountain in the distant looked lush and green after the snow melted . a fence still held some snow on top of it . some areas of the ground were still covered in snow where the sun had n't shone on them yet .
the french location location had a parade . many people were in attendance . everyone was dressed up and having a blast . some peoples outfits were more extreme than others . people of all different backgrounds showed up and joined together for a fun time .
this was a family reunion of working together they all met and posed for a picture and then they took another group photo on the staircase they exchanged gifts as well then they sat down and enjoyed dinner together
today we took the family to location park ! there was plenty of entertainment for the kids . as well as some more grown up activities for the adults . the turn out was massive with thousands upon thousands of people . we ended the day with a nice dip in the ocean at the beach aross the street .
hanging out with my friends this past tuesday was fun . my girlfriend and her sister met me at my apartment to hang out . we told a lot of funny stories about each other . during the middle of their visit , they surprised me with a birthday cake . suffice it to say , i was extremely happy .
[female] has been taking flying lessons for months . today is her first solo pilot experience . as she takes off you can see her destination in the distance . getting closer you can see the ground beginning to open up . and moments later she is flying right over the grand canyon .
the man 's vacation started off on the right foot . he saw the beautiful loch ness . from there , he took a hike up the surrounding hills and had a great view of the countryside . as he gets higher , he put on his jacket . at the very top , he found a lonely tree , standing by itself at the summit . feeling satisfied , he returns back to his hotel , with the unique door sculpture .
first , we went to the park . then we went swimming . i looked cool in my glasses at the pool later , we went to visit mommy . we played dress up .
[male] dozed and started dreaming of places he 'd like to visit , like the australian outback . or , the gorgeous location location and their wonderful flowers . or , the beautiful cloud forests in location location . maybe a chilly irish coastline in the fall . and , then he awoke , in his chair at home .
we visited an oold church . there was huge ornate stained glass . no priest was present that day . the view outside was beautiful . we really enjoyed it .
she loved her parents but she knew some considered them a bit strange . a few years ago they had purchased an underground bunker and turned into a home . they had their own water filtration system . if you wanted to see a tree , you had to drive into town because there was n't any at her parents home . they made and stored wine in the bunker along with enough food to last years .
it was baby 's first birthday . mommy and daddy took her to play in the pool . first she played with a ring . there were many colorful toys to look at and play with . her dad held her safely in his arms . mommy had made a cake . all for the baby . she poked it with her fingers , it was soft and gooey . she some of the cake in her mouth . it was sweet and good . [male] had a fun birthday .
in the front of the park , there was this pleasant statue . we rode a rollercoaster after seeing the statue . my coworkers were having so much fine . i took a picture of this insane coaster incline . the last coaster we rode on was the most thrilling .
there were a ton of cars at the car show . some of them were very expensive . they were all very fast . all of the owners were very proud of them . i had a great time there .
the ski day started out simple enough , everyone put both their feet in . [female] was so excited that she jumped for joy . [male] tried hard but just could n't stand up . [male] and [male] decided it was just easier to slide down on their bottoms . [male] , well [male] did the [male] thing and got himself stuck in a tree .
this is my volunteer group . we vacationed together in location . here we are taking a nature walk through the forest . some of us like a little danger in our lives . she dropped her shoe of the bridge and tried to retrieve it with a stick . here we are taking a ride in a boat across the lake . ca n't visit location without tasting the street food . it was different but really good .
these men decided to go fishing for a day . they traveled to one of their favorite fishing spots . they started pulling in fish after fish . they loved showing off their catches . the day fishing was fun , but the memories made were even better .
[male] went prepared to go on a trip that involved hiking , camping and climbing . he went with a group and camped with others on the mountain . he climbed high and took pictures at major milestones on the way up . he made it to the top and saw the clouds . in order to commemorate the event he and his friends took pictures at the end of the trip .
the food at the banquet i attended was amazing . everyone that attended had a wonderful time eating this delicious food . we all talked up and down the long tables while eating . i even got to see some old friends at the banquet . at the end of the banquet , i ran into a pal of mine and we talked for hours .
we arrived at our destination . we got here by riding our bikes . a friend washes his bike in the water . there was a family of ducks walking on the ground . lastly , a bicyclist prepares for his journey back home .
it 's a sun-shiny day and everyone is set to enjoy it . the water is beautiful , reflecting rainbows . everyone enjoys it as they look on . mist is cast high into the air from the churning waters , and everyone must realize an important fact of being so near . you better be prepared to get wet !
traveling can bring you to the best of places . you can get the chance to see beautiful buildings , and even go inside some of these buildings . you can see them from afar , and you can see some fun statues that you ca n't find anywhere else . traveling can open you up to new worlds , so everyone should try it sometime .
it 's just another lazy saturday . we had to do a little shopping . then we were able to come home and relax . we spent some time in bed , watching television and talking . we rarely get to spend quiet time together ! we do enjoy cuddling ! i surprised my wife with a stuffed animal . she thought it was cute .
[female] and [male] took their son , [male] , to the parade . [male] put [male] on hit shoulders so he could see . [female] ran into her friend [female] . [female] also brought her daughter . the street was crowded , but it was fun !
taking a dump on the no dumping sign . quick stop for some frozen yogurt . the domino sugar plant ! some tea for the evening . having a good time on our winter trip .
the kids ca n't wait to get on the road to grandma 's . [male] messing with the camera on the 4 hour car ride . not here 10 minutes and i 'm already cooking grandma 's favorite treat . i prefer some of the local food , just ca n't buy this at home . grandma and the kiddos , they do n't want to leave .
they were ready to go trek through the snow . they never knew where the paths would lead them . they finally met the waters edge . it looked like it stretched on so far in the distance . deep in the caves you could still see the snow .
i took a trip to a foreign country . i arrived there on my cruise ship . it was one of the biggest city 's i have seen . with amazing old architecture . there was also awesome shopping !
its his birthday and all his friends have decided to chip in and give him a goodnight . the man is anxious to see what is going to take place . one of his friends snap a picture of his reaction when he realizes what they are going to do . they are at the play `` the one that got away '' the play is about to start and the audience is silent in anticipation .
the family gathered on the beautiful day at the park for a celebration . grandma let everyone know how happy she was to see them all . the little boy was very moved by this fallen soldier statue . the windmill fans were beautiful on the lawn . the kids had the most fun flying their kites at the park .
the girl arrived at the event and met the airplane pilot . the girl then went up in the airplane for a tour of the canyons . the girl took several pictures of the scenery from the airplane . in this picture , you can see a lot of mountains that she flew over . in this picture , you can see what she saw when the plane passed over the canyon .
mom takes pictures of her son at his first birthday party . the little boy is very excited about his new playhouse . he is also very curious about the balloons , and even tries to eat one . mom , dad , the birthday boy and his sister all take a family portrait together to remember their son 's birthday forever . before the party 's over , mom enjoys a tasty cupcake .
the convention that the family attended was for members of the asian american communities . there were many people who represented different areas of location . for lunch there was a delicious sandwich and strawberries . the kids also had a good time at the event . the woman speakers were very informative and poignant .
after a long bus ride we finally arrived in the city . we waited with our luggage for a taxi to pick us up . the weather was really cold so we stayed close for warmth . we saw these men waiting for the bus to take them to the beach . the men got on the bus and headed for the beach .
after driving for a long time we finally made it to the water park . there was already a long line . we had a great time there . everybody got wet . the pools were very clean .
i attended a martial arts exhibition today . there was a man doing demonstrations . another man was demonstrating form . asian effects abound . we were all pretty happy about going .
recently there was a gay pride celebration in the city . the parade started out with people on bikes and motorcycles . there were larger floats in the parade , too . some people came from other countries to attend . everyone had a great time at the parade .
the trip to the country side was fun . they got to see the old family house . and the country side was beautiful . the family loved watching nature . and everyone enjoyed the break from city life .
the drive to our vacation spot was great and full of fun . the view from the edge of the shore was peaceful . we stopped for a bite to eat before heading out for the evening . we enjoyed watching the concert with our friends . we finally found someone to take our photo together to cap off our vacation .
we are on our way to worship god . here is our beautiful mosque . we all bow down to pray to our god . we greet each other . we are happy to come together to worship .
today was the day . all the kids were day . so were their friends . there was something blue . and a quilt shop !
our family vacation took us to a tiny island off the coast of location . we spent the day exploring the island and visiting this monastery . there were many steps to climb , and we had to go through a lot of dark , spooky passageways . but the view from the top of the island was worth it !
we are eating at a restaurant . we saw an alligator . we visited an old building with a well . the sign showed many sites of attraction . he is standing on the mat .
it was [female] 's birthday , so her friends took her out for some karaoke . they all sang dancing [female] together . they sounded terrible , but it was very fun . then [male] sang a song by himself . [female] and her other friends were embarrassed by his inappropriate dance moves . they all went home uncomfortably after that .
this was my first time traveling internationally . i was so excited . i 'm not the best photographer , but i got some good pictures of the ancient buildings . this art was so beautiful . it was really cold this day , but i still found a good picture of the scenery . it was kind of dark in this restaurant , but the food was great !
the group of friends had a christmas party over the holiday break . there was lots of great decorations at the party . they also had a light show at midnight that was incredible . all of the friends were happy and in the christmas spirit . every exchanged gifts at the end of the night and wished everyone a merry christmas .
the pool party started out early , everyone loved getting together . the kids and adults alike , loved the homemade food . group pictures were the adult 's favorite part of the party . the pool was the kids favorite part though . in either sense , every one loved getting together and seeing the family .
an overstressed person decided to head to the water to quiet their mind . as they strolled along the sandy beach , they stumbled across this family of geese . after being chased away by the hissing geese for getting too close , they moved away from the beach and found an array of colorful and fragrant flowers . they also found a few cool weathervanes to admire . this fish was one of their favorites . before leaving they found this inspirational quote that put things in perspective .
the boat was leaving the shore and had a star on it . the city was big and the binoculars were open for people to look download .
my friends and i met up for the 4th of july . we went into the city to see the fireworks show . we could see some of the fireworks over the harbor . the finale was pretty intense . the final firework was pretty big .
the boats all lay on the shore in the morning hours . one boy decided to see if the boat was any fun to use . on the opposite side of the lake , there was a bird enjoying the crisp , summer day . people were on the beach having a good time with the water . later on that day , people gathered in the boats and set sail .
we visited a parade today . first some large golden dragons passed us by . then some people in large colorful costumes went by . after that some ladies dancing on a float passed by . finally a marching band and some interesting costumed people passed us by .
it was my little daughter 's birthday . she invited a bunch of her little friends . they played board games in the living room . i drove them to the movies before too late . they were all having such an awesome day !
we decided to go hiking after seeing this picture in a brochure . we wanted to get away from our town to refresh ourselves . we walked through the forest . it was hard and it seemed barren without the leaves on the trees . but it was worth it when we found this awesome waterfall .
my neighborhood decided to do some fundraising for a good cause by entering a parade and building a float . we decorated bikes to ride with the float . many ages participated . the whole town came to watch . we were very tired after the parade , but raised some money !
[female] loved to make masks . she loved the bigger one with feathers . the intricate ones took a lot of time . they looked best on her face shape . she was happy to look more beautiful under her mask .
we took a trip to chicago for the fourth of july weekend . we road on a quad bike for most of the early day . we went to a festival during the day time . they shot off some fireworks over the bay . at the end of the night we spent most of our time looking at the skyline .
the cross was very tall and shining in the sunset . the birds were flying high in the sky as the sun set .
the family got together for a family get together . the food was very delicious . after eating the family got together for a family photo . after the picture they got into the pool and the kids swam around for a bit . after swimming they got out and changed into new clothes for a new picture .
alright guys , sneak peek into my night club , due to open up in 2 weeks ! you 'll find these nifty little light displays everywhere , we do n't know what the point is , but they look fun , so we got tons ! welcome to the bathroom , we thought you 'd `` go '' better with an audience , wink wink . see these guys ? ca n't find a date ? no worries , when the music starts , here 's your dance partner ! here is our virtual dj , he 's useless as we just have a cd playing in the back , but he 'll make you think we have a live dj all night long !
the couples posed for a picture in the crowd many of the couples gathered to celebrate achievements in the community they all gathered inside to socialize many pictures were taken between friends and also solo pictures were taken
all of the friends are gathered for the celebration tonight . she digs into the delicious food served for dinner . the guest enjoy the good food and great friends . this happy couple want to wish good tidings to all of their friends . she could n't be more pleased with the excitement of the night .
the greenhouse was filled with a variety of plants . they came in many colors and heights . name plates gave detail behind each plant . smaller tree plants were popular . the green life overflowed onto the walkway .
dogs are smart , hairy little things . my girlfriend loves her 's . in fact , i think she might love it more than she loves me . she ertainly kisses it more . they need a lot of attention , and this one is getting no end of spoiling . look at this . laptime and naptime at the same time ! dog 's got it made . still , the dog ca n't take her to hockey games .
the veteran 's day parade started strong . [male] and i watched from the barriers on the north side of the street . you could see the crowds gathering with the parade performers getting into motion . here they start ! the veteran 's band moved into position , starting down the street . [female] 's fourth grade class held the flags . the procession ended at the town hall building .
here is [female] with proud mom and pop before her baptism . grandma fran watches the action . [female] enjoys a post ceremony snack . she loves being entertained by her cousins . getting tired now , just about to take a much needed nap .
me and my husband decided to stay the weekend at my parents beach house with them . we were getting very excited as we were approaching the beach house . as soon as we got to the beach house we decided to make some drinks and play some pool . as the sun was going down we decided to take a stroll on the beach . the view and the lights were beautiful .
celebrating five years of marriage . they drank the first drinks they had as a married couple . they sampled the beautiful appetizers . the entrees were cooked to perfection . he was all smiles that they enjoyed it .
the family planned for weeks to go to the amusement park . the first thing they did together was go on each ride . with all of the roller coasters in the park , this was going to take up most of their time . their last ride was going to be on the monstrous hill climber roller coaster . after riding one of the tallest coasters on the east coast , the family completed their plan to ride every coaster in the park .
the pub had an assortment of serving trays on the walls . a group of men drank beer at the bar . they chose a table instead . soon they were engrossed in deep conversation . she decided to try a dark beer for the fist time .
it was early in the office when we got the assignment . first we started by pulling all the files out that were required . we all gathered around . by then it was almost 10:00 ! we kept at it all day , going through the files , making stacks , and organizing . by the end of the day , we had them all sorted , and back in the drawers .
our trip to location was amazing , we saw many incredible buildings . even the cathedrals are so nice compared to back home . the inside was stunning with arches and decorated windows . we saw many crazy things on our trip . check out the circle of bunnies . their houses are built on slopes , i was amazed at the architecture .
wii tennis is alot of fun ! we like to play with 4 players and due a team match . the 2 players will share the space , one player in the front , and one in the back . each person controls one player in that space . if the front player misses the ball , the player in back can try for it again .
this was [male] 's first trip to location , and he loved the way things worked over there . he loved the architecture , and he loved the way the lights lit up the night . but most of all , he loved the rich culture and deep history behind the civilization .
this is the way in to all of the fun . there are lots of people and holiday cheer . you can buy things at each booth . here you can get any information you need for this amazing event . just remember to have fun and enjoy yourself .
we went for a walk around town , yesterday . it was so much fun looking at the different sights . we even brought the dog for some exercise . while we were walking , we saw the birds on the shore . at the end of the day , we had had a nice stroll .
looking ready to pop ! had such fun at the baby shower . such a cute little girl . she was the star of the show today . i received so many thoughtful gifts . another beautiful outfit we received . even the guys had fun at the baby shower !
a family has fun while decorating the yard for a fourth of july celebration at their house . guests gather on the deck , chatting and enjoying drinks . inside , a girl holds a puppy while a man peers inside the garage . it 's night time now and several people sit on a fallen log watching fireworks . one guy stands out on the cement and holds a sparkler as it flares brightly .
nachos and cheese ! everyone gathering enjoying the food . sombrero to block all this sun and the pinata is almost in two pieces . [female] i have a dr. pepper ?
in the maritime city hte boat gets ready to depart . at the destination , they spot the last tower like structure . upon closer inspection they see that it has foreign markers . after the little trip they decide to drink but choose not to in this location . they will find a bar in the city at night .
the group decided to go on a hike in the forest . they began too get a little hot and decided to take a dip in the water . but in order to really cool off , they went to the beach . the ran into many people selling interesting items on the beach . they finally arrived back home to their house .
visiting weidners burial lot . there is a lot of tombstones . weidners tomb stone . the families lot . with an american flag on the ground .
they are meeting their friends after their high school reunion . they look at some old letters that they wrote to themselves several years ago . some kept their resolutions and others did n't . after that it is time to mix and mingle and meet up with buddies we have n't seen in a while . this guy is still the life of the party . it is funny how much we still have in common after so many years .
this is [male] . [male] is sleepwalking and we are making him do funny stuff . [male] is sitting at the table with our friends making silly noises . now [male] is screaming ! he 's thrown his glasses across the table and they stuck in [female] 's face ! he 's screaming at her as she 's bleeding to death . he ran into the other room and took [male] 's shirt and now is in disguise . he 's speaking spanish and drinking lots of beer . then he jumps up and starts singing songs about ole ' location ! oh my goodness [male] you are a riot !
today i went to an arts and crafts faire with my sister . here she is checking out these hand woven baskets . they had a lot of nice necklaces too but i pass on them . these mystery boxes looked great so i went ahead and bought one . inside were these cards i can pass out . i didnt feel it was worth it .
the [male] 's headed out to their private island . little [male] looked for seashells . they headed a little inland to their gorgeous cabana . their window gave them a great view . as the sun set , the organization watched .
the parade was always a fun time for friends to get out , dress silly , and drink a lot of alcohol ! almost everyone wore a costume ; the more outrageous , the better ! red was a popular color chosen by many . the only people that were n't completely drunk my midday were the ever serious marching band . after the parade there was a free concert .
we love all the stained glass windows in our church every sunday we look at them and try to appreciate their beauty it is more than a 100 years old , but it still looks great we took a black and white to show how nice it looks from the outside too . we also wanted to make sure we captured the beautiful sky against the church 's facade
my parents wanted to fly to visit me in location . they boarded their small plane and took pictures as they did . they took a bunch of pictures of the land as they flew over it . they were excited to land in location . in the airport they took pictures of the dinosaur models to show their friends .
there was drinking , but that just enhanced the fun of the day . playing around with this ball kept everyone busy . of course we took a ton of pictures to commemorate things . even a few glamour shots ! but it was a lot of fun bonding with friends .
my parents came down for a local event on the weekend . in the morning we went to the beach . in the evening we decided to have dinner at a local resturant . there we happened to see my high school teacher mrs. [male] . they were nice enough to join us for dinner so we decided to capture the moment . little did we know it was their 50th anniversary , so we got to celebrate their day with the .
i went to volunteer at a refugee camp . there were many bright and friendly children . unfortunately most had to sleep in tents . some were more fortunate to have houses . i hope i can help these people more .
the camping trip was very nice . we set up our tents at the top of the mountain . the flowers were beautiful in the fields . the lake was just serene . we enjoyed our time off in this relaxing place .
hard at work on a hot summer day . the roads look like new once they are finished . he rakes the fresh asphalt and it keeps it from clumping . the big rollers then roll over it to compress it all together . dedicated and hard working are our road workers .
[female] was excited for date night at a romantic restaurant . she ordered one of the fancy meals . her husband was also excited , but he did n't order anything too fancy . they shared food , laughed , and remembered why they fell in love on this romantic dinner date .
these friends are all celebrating winning a speech competition . the had it at the pizza place where one of them works . the pizza went pretty fast . some guests were underage siblings . but those old enough also got to take part in the all you can drink beer offer .
this is missy the cat , she is sad because her owner is on vacation . missy 's owner [male] is visiting one of his favorite sport stadiums . he has managed to get every angle he could for some great pictures . but nothing beats the picture of actual stadium itself . [male] has had a nice vacation but now wants to head home to see his cat missy .
i held a friendly get together at my house today . some people dressed up in funny costumes . others just dressed normally . we had a lot of fun just chatting and catching up . overall , it was a fun party but everyone was tired .
i wore a giant cheese on my helmet as part of my costume . my friend had elaborate roses . at the party , we met others who looked wore what looked like a chef uniform and a wedding outfit . our friends met up with us , matching our costumes with red and white dresses . someone hired a marching band for the party . we all got to the party and listened to some live music .
everyone entered the room , ready for the presentation . there were great speakers , who provided good education . the camera man made sure to document the important event . the audience enjoyed the presentation and company of others . they were satisfied with the material presented .
our loving family enjoyed our pool play day ! father and son enjoy the water activities ! here our little guy is getting ready to eat . he is digging into his delicious meal here ! he is having a great time eating the cake !
the chef prepares dinner by starting with the basics . the condiments the chef put into the dish to make it tasty . the flight of wine that we would be tasting that night . the base layer of our dessert for after the wine tasting . everybody sitting down and enjoying the wine tasting .
a young girl plays with a hose . this is her mother . her grandmother plays ball with her brother . the boy is now on the swing being pushed my his older cousin . grandmother is now driving home after a day of visiting with her family .
last night i went out to dinner with my wife . looking at the menu i was not sure this was the place for me . my wife got her food before me and seemed to really enjoy it . the dish i got was in small proportions and i was not satisfied . i then got dessert and was much more pleased with what i got .
the city background was dull . the people were full of gloom . the people walked together off a cliff . they exploded when they fell off . the city was dieing and nobody cared .
an evil spirit plagued the land . witches from all over gathered to purge the evil spirit . citizens crossed themselves against its evil . the witch doctor liked young citizens . american politicians offered false promises to cleanse the third world country ( by stealing its resources ) .
a lighthouse in the distance intrigued my eye holes . it was the tallest beast in the ocean . a bird flew overhead across the beach . a clydesdale horse stood looking bored and tired . i saw my dream house before i left .
they cooled off by sitting in the small pool . then they all sat down to have some food and drinks . after that they set off fireworks in the pool . they had some more drinks after the sun went down . at the end of the night , they had watermelon eating contests .
it 's time for a big conference event . all the family is gathered together for the event . friends get lunch together at the conference . they are glad they could meet up . the lunch is a little disappointing though . look at that sandwich ! before speaking , one of the speakers poses with her friends for a picture . finally , she gives her speech , awing all that listen .
on the bus , i 'm getting ready to visit the capital in location . the narrow streets point their way straight to the organization organization . what a beautiful view of my destination . by the river , i 'm stopping to enjoy the sunshine and a camera shot . headed back out of town are the railroad tracks headed to location .
4 eggs painted in vibrant colors . two people compare their decorated eggs . one kid holds up his egg in amazement . eye can see you , says the egg . a crazy egg design that will make an awesome paint .
the band played well . the drummer was especially fun to watch . the lead singer was always on key . a few duos took place between guitarist and bassist . their guitar set was eclectic .
i went to learn to surf on the coast . [male] pointed out a rainbow . here we are going out to sea . here 's the rainbow in the background . i surfed my first wave !
a weekend trip out to the farm was just what the family needed . father and son take some time to play fetch with the dog in the field . the puppy sure likes to run around and play in the grass . look how much mom 's garden has grown since the last time we were here at the family farm . even both sets of grandparents showed up to enjoy a big , fun , family weekend away from the city .
i got [male] a birthday card and went to the party . he was already in full attire . knowing well it was his day . the girls put on old men joke glasses as a gag . we played party games and hung out during the afternoon . everyone was laughing and having a great time .
it was little billys first birthday . we gave him his cake and he loved it . once he started eating it there were so many photo ops . he ate it all . we were impressed he was n't too happy to have to wash up after though
in the morning , the sun did not show . we went and laid on the beach to tan . many people and animals shared the same shore . behind us , the playground was being artistically remodeled . there were many admirers and one biker .
came to the ampa theater to see my favorite band play . this is him , playing his heart out . i try to imagine he 's singing just to me . sing on , hear those pretty lyrics . two guitars are better than one in this duet . a final song just for me , i 'm glad i came to this concert .
it was viking day ! i dressed to impress . my father in law got in on the fun as well . my best friend [male] grew a beard in support . together we marched through the town in the oddest clothes . in the evening we partied . even the elderly joined in .
we headed out to see the town . we took a boat ride first to get to know the area . then we went to go see some of the main sites . we walked through the gardens for a bit . the plants and trees where beautiful .
i went down to the beach last weekend . there was no one else there . i had a great time . i invited my girlfriend with me . it was a lot of fun .
a protest is taking place today in the center of the city . hundreds of protesters fill the streets with signs and banners . police standby to make sure the protest goes through smoothly without violence . the protesters walk through the town peacefully without causing damage . at the end of the day , the protest completes with everyone staying safe .
when we got to the city , we took a picture of the town sign . down the sand road , we saw the water . near the road , there was a home where we would be staying for the weekend . the carriages were so classy . they led us down this beautiful forest road .
everyone was having a blast at the party . people were playing around having fun . the whole gang jumped in photo ! it was a fun little gathering ! we all enjoyed each others company tremendously !
on vacation at the beach down in location location with my wife ! we hit the beach first , and there were n't many people there , fortunately . later on , the crowds came , and we decided it was too much for us . we left and took a small boat across the water . we ended up at this place in location location . not sure what it is , but it 's the start of our adventure !
it was a bright sunny day at the park . i was out and about , enjoying the clear air and weather . i met up with two of my friends , we laughed at some of the pictures we took of wind toys . here is one wind toy . it is a brightly colored flower . here is another set of wind toys , set up to look like bike wheels . they are also brightly colored .
we went to the carnival together , it was a lot of fun . many people were dressed up in costume and were having a good time . some people had crazy outfits , they were really entertaining . we also went on a few of the rides , they were really cool ! we ended our day with a visit to the beach , even though it was a big crowded .
this is the view at night on our lake side destination ! even the ducks at night are out to enjoy the view . the lights reflecting off the water right before nightfall offer a scene to remember a snapshot during the day of the lights , gorgeous view of the lake and snowfall on the outcrop . and here is another view of the land further out from the lights .
am in a motocycle club we like to stop by at outr near by motel when you go to a certin city there is so much to do here including a pool as well as a brick walk
i visited my friend at her family 's restaurant . i was shown how they make noodles ! they invited me to have a meal with them . i loved these pastries . everything i ate was good ! they were so nice . i had a great time .
today was rivers first birthday . his grandmother helped him try his first piece of cake [male] wanted to eat some cake too . [male] opened his first present with excitement . both [male] and [male] played with the new toys .
hot bright neon lights gave her a thrilling feeling . the face seemed to be smiling down at her . painted in bright red made it even more vivid . the ride looked dangerous . she knew she had to ride it because she loved the sense of pseudo danger .
a crowd is gathered in a small town to watch a little parade . a young mother holds her child to watch people ride bicycles . there are bicycles pulling floats . there are really tall bicycles and 2 seater bicycles and regular bicycles . there is as crooked shack that is connected to a float that 's in the parade .
a group of friends got together for a birthday party . some of the guest did n't enjoy the music . others got a chance to see each other for the first time in years . the guest of honor was having a great time . his friends all had a night to remember .
the village seemed far from where we were now . [male] and dad were excited to finally get to the ocean . [male] was learning how to surf . he made his way out to the water . it was great to watch the sunset behind the sea .
we decided to have a beach get-a-way . mom was excited as we walked through . we visited a soap shop upon my mom 's request . everything was so beautiful and out hotel room was very inviting
the visa was finally granted and was able to present the engagement ring to my girl friend . she is quite happy to be in this country . i showed her the local monument because i want her to think we will eventually have a nice home . her feet were tired after the long flight so i carried her to the embassy . the workers locked us out , and we were unable to break past the fence .
i went on a trip with my uncle when i was on the plane i took some pictures the clouds were great we were up in the air very high it was great to be up in the air
location location location location was a place our family loved to visit . we took long hikes . there several amazing trails to go down . we saw a helicopter doing a practice run for putting out forest fires . luckily there were no fires on this day , only great weather and a beautiful , blue sky .
after a big sunday breakfast , i walk to church . to get there , i walk over the n bridge . i try to get there early to enjoy the beauty of the stain glass windows while the church is quiet . once more people arrive , the church service starts and all the people pay attention . i think even the statues in the church pay attention to the sermon .
we walked through the city to see what stores were there . some of the building signs were in english . we took pictures of the city from the water . we were in awe of the beautiful lights radiating from the city . at the end of the night , we enjoyed the fireworks .
many beautiful gifts were brought to the party . the lovely woman was happy to receive so many nice things . her family was supportive , as well . a small feast was held at the party . the family had a lovely night celebrating with the young lady .
the flag flies proudly over the ship in port . this grand old ship has sailed into town for the celebration . masts of the ships stand proud in the setting sun . now it is time to have some fun at the festival . fireworks and lighted ships are a perfect way to end the day .
[female] quite enjoyed her tour of the cultural sites in town . about noonish , she began to feel a mite peckish and spotted a nearby cafe . lunch was delicious , and the bottle of wine was the perfect complement . after eating , [female] continued to visit the museums , churches and other attractions . tomorrow , she will focus on the splendid , although decrepit , architecture to be found in the old quarter .
a nice barn home in the location district . a blue two story home on location location . this mansion sits on 1.5 acres . this home is surrounded by a privacy wall and sits on location location . this five bedroom home is listed for $ 950,000 .
my name is [male] nahmean . i am lonely . i use to go out with my homies to the trains . until one day i walked into a little house by mistake and was never the same . i am now allergic to spoken words . i cant go to social events anymore without dying . the thing i missed the most is old ladies saying i am handsome .
the husband is a band director who decided to take a vacation . the time of the vacation was during spring when the flowers on the trees were blooming . he and his wife are excited to get away and enjoy alone time . this vacation is just what they needed as u can see in their faces in this picture . this is the last evening of the vacation which turned out to be a great trip .
the streets are lined up with people ready to watch a fun race at night . the bikes are very nice , some may possibly even be mountain bikes . as the racers sit and wait they chat it up with other local racers . some racers practice tricks to make the time go by fast . the race is coming soon and the competitors can hardly wait .
the tourists stop at an old castle . after that , they go on a small hike to see the scenery . then , they stop at a very small , old churcj/ they come across a local with chickens in a basket . then , they see 2 elephants .
someone in my neighborhood decided to shoot off some fireworks they were really pretty but they were very loud my dog got very upset because of the noise i tried to tell my dog that these fireworks were pretty and to ignore the noise i really enjoyed the fireworks even though my dog did not .
last easter 's party was really awesome . my nephew woke up to his basket and he was totally thrilled . he kept finding neat things in his basket to eat . he always has fun teasing his little brother . after we ate , we all sat back and watched some t.v . before going home .
this family had a play date together . their children played with each other . afterwards they fed their children . their parents talked to each other in the meantime . it was such a fun and successful day .
the three ladies are happy to see each other . the tree is decorated and displayed . the tables are set and prepared for food . the drinks are laid out on the table . the presents are abundant this year .
birthday celebrations are underway ! the cake and the baker are beautiful ! excited to dig in to the cake ! the cherries and coconut make this cake extra exotic . sisters celebrating a great birthday !
we decided to go to location on vacation this year . location was absolutely beautiful , i love how the buildings sit right on the water . the architecture was amazing , we do n't have buildings like these in the states . we took a gondola down the canal , it was very romatic . the food was very different than i 'm used to , i never was quite sure what i was eating .
the family is going on a trip to the beach . the family is a dad , mom , and their son . the son is excited because they are going on a boat ride . the boat sets off and travels around the bay . the family takes in the sites from the boat and they are happy that they decided to come .
father and son on our boy 's big birthday . the party favors were used as weapons against dad . the birthday boy blows his horn while posing in front of the pile of presents . the cake was exactly what he wanted ; mint chocolate chip ! finally , it was time to blow out the candles .
my husband and i went on vacation and found this quaint town . it was christmas time and the town was getting ready to have their winter festival . we were invited to take part in decorating the town tree . the entire town went to the festival , everywhere else was deserted . afterwards we went over to the train station to continue on our journey .
the bingo party was going well at the school function ! the staff members even pretended to be friendly for pictures when they really all hated each other ! mothers and fathers could only really cope with being at the function through alcohol . the kids were having fun though , even if they did n't want to be there in the first place . the spelling bee went well ! the school took first place !
there was once a city that had been buried under snow for everyday and night for forty-seven years . from the hilltops to the city street , the bitter cold surrounded the city . finally the citizens of the city were frustrated , and decided to pray for the snow to melt . the next morning , to their surprise they saw that the snow had begun to melt . by the afternoon everyone was happily astonished that all the snow had melted and everyone was free to roam the city once again .
the city had reached its centennial celebration by surviving wars , epidemics , and famine . all the citizens decided to celebrate with a spectacular fireworks celebration that same night . hundreds of fireworks lite up the sky all around the city . there was even a big colorful finish right above the city center . when the fireworks finally ended everyone looked up at wonder at their beautiful strong city building lights .
the drama club set designers were trying to figure the best scenery design rehearsal is brutal . the director is always in our faces ! we love the choreographer . she is so talented and makes things seem easy . our male lead is taking some down time . running the lines and the scenes is so rewarding . i hope this show will be a hit !
i had never been to an edm concert before , and i finally got my chance friday night . dj lowblow was there and started everything off . after his set , dj jackknife took over and really got the crowd going . but everyone was waiting for dj belladona who took the place by storm . he was so good that i knew this would not be my last edm event by a longshot .
there was a great turnout for the memorial day parade . many people even brought their dogs . the military were the first to parade through town.` lot 's of classic cars could be seen . the dancers were really fun to watch .
another beautiful day in the city . just taking my bike for a dip ! not now , i 'm on my break , lol . stats for the day , yep , i 'm superman . off to save the day ! i 'm going to outrun the train .
the slopes were well traveled that day . he was ready to go skiing . they rode the lift to the top of the slope . after skiing , they found a food truck . and washed it down with some drinks .
the fireworks are a great addition , to the annual celebration . [female] is holding up her meat on sticks , while her uncle cooks on the grill . the view was breathtaking .
we were going to a game at location location . the little buy was oddly impressed by the chairs . the band played at halftime . there was also a humanitarian award ceremony . then when it got dark they shot some fireworks as a crowd treat .
the family went to the park for 4th of july . the city hosted an annual parade . they had a clown that made balloons for children . a few veterans walked throughout the parade . the mayor greeted the people who attended the parade . we saw a fireworks show right after the parade .
my little party was going along greatly . the boys appreciated the music i picked out . some dancing happened shortly after outkast came on . jerimiah had the time of his life . my uncle [male] had a great time in the corner of the party .
my brother and i went to a protest today . everything going going fine but the police showed up to keep an eye on things . my brother stayed till night time after having drank all day and was stumbling around a bit . just as the sun went down the police sneaked up behind him and placed him under arrest . they placed him in a van with several other prisoners and took him off to jail .
today was the day of the parade . one group went all out with matching costumes.they also carried tambourines to give rhythm to their walk . they were very proud of how they looked . this woman 's headdress is amazingly elaborate . the detail work on this headdress was a work of pride .
not another ice cream , she said . you 're gon na get fat if you do n't watch it she told him . it 's just an ice cream he said . okay , okay , hurry up and finish it so we can get on a ride . so he wolfed it down and did n't tell her about the brain freeze it gave him .
we went to the national cemetery to the tomb of the unknown . we got to see the changing of the guard . they had a small concert there that we enjoyed . alot more people showed up than we expected . then we went across town to the outdoor symphony .
lots of fireworks in the distance tonight . the family observes them from a far . the kids ask to get closer but the parents say no . they decide to light sparklers close by instead . in the distance the grand finale starts .
had a little get together for the birthday . just us and a few of our closest friends . good food and good people . cozy and pleasant . can you guess what i wished for ? yes , basically that . i suppose i should 've wished for something new ...
went to a local food festival today . so many veggies to buy , they look so fresh ! here is my buddies veggie stand looks great ! my kid and i on one of the spinning rides . there was ever a small band there play !
the pool party has finally begun . it was so many that cam out today . woah ! i think it is a whole in the pool . as it got later the drinks came out and my girl friends was just chilling . [male] was being silly with the watermelon . he was so drunk that we all decided to talk him home and than go home our self and go to bed .
[male] 's first time at the beach . he tests out the water . its way too cold and scary for him . he decides to just stare at it . then , he plays in the sand .
our early morning tour began at the towns graveyard . the first house we toured was a beautiful victorian yellow house . from there we were able to tour the oldest church in the town . the old pub and boarding house had a lot of unexpected character . we ended the day back at our lovely little bed and breakfast .
an old church i wanted to take pictures of today . i really like the black & white photos . the back of the church . this part was added on years later . the main stained glass window in the church . looks creepy in the dark . a whole other window in the daylight . not scary at all , kind of calming . this is one of my favorite ones in the church .
it was the day for the big race . some wanted the early practice . he was getting the hang of it now . they worked well as a team . and the races were off !
i celebrated our national pride day this weekend . we marched from our local community til we reached donwtown . we ended at the local outdoor theatre . we were joined by almost eveyone in the community . we then got to enjoy a concert that was by a local band that was enjoyed by all .
he had so many candles to blow . everyone enjoyed the karaoke . this is a portrait shot of the couples karaoke contest . i do n't know what this man was doing , i was completely wasted at this point . he was not only a good singer , but a good dancer too .
our children wanted to go to the park . my wife took care of one of the kids . i looked after our daughter . my daughter met a small boy . they played with bubbles . the boy 's family invited us to share strawberry shortcake .
this is the first place we visited . there was a turtle hidden under there and surprised the kids . the boy was happy on the bridge . had to keep balance on the wood here . the family was relaxing at the end of the day .
the parents were stuck at a boring business conference . the tried to make the best of the event but joked that alcohol would make it better . friends and family members waited for them at a nearby bar . they were having a great time ! lots of new friends were made .
cold winter was outside . warm and fun food was inside . somebody brought a baby at a party , and he constantly cried . adults loudly talk and laughed despite of it . the baby liked a cake a lot , but he was too small to eat it .
we walked towards the entrance to an amazing cathedral . the years it must have taken to create this . the details of the ceiling was breathtaking . looking straight up it seemed you were looking forever . the final part of the church was the courtyard in the middle .
the boys excited about the parade . a clown selling toys . walking with her campaign . the mayor shaking peoples hands . the firework show is starting .
a field trip to the north pole was not as boring as i thought it would be . i saw the tallest tree i have ever seen before , at the base of the tree there were gifts for all the kids who believe in location . i saw the prettiest ornament that was made of glass . my present was a ornament that lit up when on a tree .
this river is home to many wildlife . this stork lives at the river . her entire family lives at the river . they all live outside . this stork loves her way of life outside .
it was a day at the farm . first , the ducks were fed . then he had to play with the puppy . he is so cute . riding a baby bull was a first for him . he did good though . the baby horse was so cute . he loved feeding him . then he finally met the baby horse that he wanted to see . it was a great day .
a woman looks at a display while another explains it to her . a man receives information from the other that is presenting his work . a young lady looks at the bowls full of food . a man tells a woman what his presentation is about . there 's an egg on a plate that 's been cracked and the yolk is sitting on the plate .
this view was our whole reason for coming here . everyone was finally together so we made sure to get a picture . we all had a great time together . we played some football to help the time pass . some of us shared with the group the things that interest us the most .
the man took a solo camping trip . he found a nice area where he parked his bike and unpacked . the man setup his tent for the night . he also made himself a meal with some bread . he shared his leftover bread with the birds .
a great photo of this young couple just married that statue is known as the best clown ever statue location location in the morning , right before breakfast [male] takes a picture with a local girl . he is loving his vacation . you can see early morning the locals taking a swim in the warm water
today we went to location park . a cool amusement park by the ocean . the rides were fun . groups of children had come to join in the festivities . there was also a freak show which was very interesting . a lot of people crowded the beach . it was a hot day but cool by the water . this was a great day.it will be remembered forever .
meet [male] and [male] . [male] is studious and has a great personality . [male] loves sports and the arts . they have dog named knox who they love dearly . knox had puppies and now [male] and [male] take care of the puppies every day .
hey there , filbert . how do you like my short jean shorts ? just me and my lilli . oh yeah , go location horseshoe team ! hey , say cheese . what 's this ? a speeding ticket ? haha , good luck with that .
they had a big day planned in location , with tons of excitement.. however , the rain set in and really ruined the day . so , they rushed by the eiffel tower.. quickly grabbed some lunch at a diner.. and went back to their hotel to wait out the weather .
my boyfriend and i had a get together with some friends last weekend . my best friend and her boyfriend came to the restaurant . it was near a beach , so after we finished eating we took a stroll . someone brought some fireworks . we shot them off til the restaurant staff told us to stop .
the convention was going on at a airplane hanger . the guests from the company were excited to see the show . the circus was there . the woman is showing off her skills . everyone had fun at the work convention .
today was the day . the big parade . everyone was there . the costumes were great . it was very festive .
a group of four friends arrived at a hotel to start an adventure . they reviewed the map of the location location to decide where to go . one of their wrote down their targeted destinations . they successfully made it to one planned location after next . the group of friends thoroughly enjoyed their traveling experience .
when i got off the train i noticed a large accident on the road . the sheriff was there . the fire chief was there . one of the vehicles was badly damaged . finally after some time in traffic i made it home .
the firework show is very bright , some of the fireworks are bright red . some fireworks go off at the same time and there are many fireworks in the sky . there are also blue fireworks . some of the prettiest fireworks are bright green . sometimes three fireworks can be seen in the sky .
i set off looking for my dream woman . cruising around i think i may have just passed her . an angel for sure i have finally found love . i took her back to my giant house in the forest little did she know she was to be looked in my tower for the rest of eternity .
we were ready for our fun to begin . a ride on the swings was exhilarating . a little thrill from the roller coaster was just what we needed . of course , we still had time to test out our shooting skills . we had so much fun that we made sure to stay into the evening .
our room at the resort was very comfy ! the tub was amazing . breakfasts on the balcony were great ! our view from the balcony was wonderful . after a week , we did n't want to leave .
tavi had a great fourth birthday . he played games . and learned a few things too ! of course no birthday is complete without cake . it was a great day !
today i volunteered to help my son 's kindergarten class out . i helped them with their writing assignments . i even read them books . they really like dr. suess . we even did a project on the computer . they made a video of their class . they then watched the video on the projector . it was a fun day .
waving the flag to the 21st annual law enforcement torch run . running a race for a good cause . a group of runners running together . women and men of all size , race , and shape running together . pushing to reach the finish line .
two different spices . cutting the garlic . and washing the beans . shredded chicken and the spices mixed together . the soup is ready .
[male] is ready to visit all the sights in the location area . walking along the street with his friends adam makes his way to the sights . [male] finally arrives at his first landmark in dc . [male] takes pictures of the location monument . time to go home after a busy day in dc .
the balcony above our restaurant shine so brightly . something fancy , but not really what i 'm looking for . neon lights flashing everywhere we go . the train right on time coming to pick us up . something that i treasure , it was the greatest .
the old village looked just like he remembered it . the red house was the 1st thing he saw at the edge of town . next came the little yellow house next door to where he had grownup . at last there it was ! his home , decorated for christmas and to welcome him there !
the kids are impatiently waiting for it to get dark so we can watch fireworks . finally ! watching from across the lake makes them look even better . this one looks like it belongs in the yard . the kids are oohhing and awwing over every single one . the finale was neat . they lit off a bunch at one time lighting up the entire lake .
many were scared that it the city would be too bright to see the fireworks . as night fell , the city 's lights seemed to dim enough to see the dark sky . but others were worried that the cities manufacturers had caused too much smog to see the fireworks . when the fireworks celebration started the rockets seemed to function normally and it seems everyone worried for nothing . however , the smog had caused most of the rockets to have an odd reddish hue the entire celebration .
walking around location , we saw a lot of people . over one of the sidewalks , was a large red display . then we found a funny yellow hat . after that the came to a vendor selling all kinds of flowers . finally we came to a market with all kinds of stores .
we got together at the annual awards banquet as i arrive with my best friend we seen behind us the fun goofy co-workers and we had to thank ming for bringing the 2nd prize then it was time for the awards we were so glad to win it was really unexpected
if you work in radio and do a good job , you 've probably been invited to our awards night . there are some real legends that show up every year . i loved meeting the cast of `` wait , wait , do n't tell me ! '' what a thrill ! there 's a lot of meeting and greeting time too -- -it 's a good networking opportunity . the coveted golden radio award is always the highlight of the night .
sister make the best friends . best friends forever . these two were the life of the party . what a great group of gals . we had a blast together . so happy to spend time with these wonderful women .
our uncle gave us a strange drink . all of us grew strange leopard ears on our heads . we could n't take them off , no matter how hard we tried . it was embarrassing in public . we decided to wear hats to cover out ears .
we had made it to the children 's village ! the flowers in the village area were beautiful . some of the location figurines were inside of a cabinet more of the location figurines were displayed on the table . that 's a lot of santas . the christmas tree was filled with colorful ornaments .
the little boy enjoyed playing with his toy dinosaur before the easter egg hunt began . he even included his little brother in on the play when he decided to switch to his toy cars . of course the toys were long forgotten once the egg hunt began . the little boy found a lot of eggs but his favorite was by far those filled with chocolate . the adults were all tired after hiding the eggs and helping the children find them .
we went to the arcade to win some tickets and play bling [male] . there were several games like whac a mole . skeet ball was a popular game . we played several games and won several tickets from the skeet ball game .
today we went to the indie pop festival there were a lot of performers there they all sang great music and played guitars and other instruments all day we camped out and enjoyed the music from the lawn
the accident was very bad . when i got the car back from the tow yard there was no way it would work again . i had to toss it . it was a good car . do n't drink and drive .
the renaissance festival has begun . a maid of the court rides on a float surrounded by servants . her sister sits beside her on a throne she is royalty as well . their mother stands behind them on the float . a girl in the crowd watches interested in what she is seeing .
it is boys night ! we have left our women at home and ready to party ! here we are getting our drinks on . first thing we did was ski . it was a first time for many of us , but it was fun . a lot of us kept falling down though ! we then came inside and made dinner . [male] and [male] were the chefs for the night . [male] and [male] decided to do a little jam while we waited for dinner . they are surprisingly good ! now that we have eaten , it is drink time . here we are doing shots . this is going to be a fun night !
the baby got her suit on and was ready to swim . her dad brought her into the water . after her swim she played in the play area . she had a good time with the puzzles . by the end of the eventful day she was very tied .
natural world museums give us the chance to see life that we would n't normally get to see . this museum shows us what different creatures bones structures were like . some animals were massive . it 's hard to imagine how big this creature was when it was alive . some creatures still exist , yet sometimes we forget how big they are . museums are very educational and fun to visit .
they were allowed to climb on board the old steam locomotive . this train had recently been added to the collection . the old steam locomotive was roped off to avoid people touching it . this was the smallest train they saw . this train was from the 1970 's and was considered very aerodynamic in its day .
my father took me out one day to play in the winter wonderland . i enjoyed running around in the fresh snow . dad pulled me around on a sled since there were no hills near us . i laid down and worked on a snow angel . and there it will stay till the next heavy snow falls .
group getting together and planning out a habitat near the water . large amount of people excited to take part in giving back to nature . some of the group planting some plants near the water . this is what it looks like after everyone finished planting . this area is crucial to bugs , frogs , turtles and other life such as waterfowl .
our visit to the coast was a huge success . we had great weather . many people come here to take advantage of the breezes for kite flying . the old church was certainly a site to behold with the ocean as a backdrop . the clouds in the night sky made us feel small . lighted signs at night gave the place an air of festivity .
we are in location for the opening ceremonies for the olympics . it 's a mom , dad , and their daughter . the daughter is warned not to get lost in the crowd . once they get in the building it is a little less crowded and more manageable . the family sits down for the performance . the light show and fireworks is just the spectacle that they were hoping for .
we took a camping trip out to a dark forest . some of us were scared , but i was n't . the scenery we captured was actually quite beautiful . at night , the sky was clear , not even any stars . as it got darker , we started to go to sleep .
i am always humbled when traveling out of the country . however , this is one of the most amazing sights on this trip . check out under this pier . i do n't think i will be going up . amazing greenery shots on the trip . love this boat i believe it was handmade . one of the guys we met while on our vacation . he helped us with information .
i invited all of my friends to my house yesterday . they were all happy to play with my dog . they had a great time with her . afterward we were very hungry . we ordered some pizza .
today is the day that my daughter officially is an adult . she is lighting the candles on the 18th birthday cake . she is blowing out her candles , and making a wish . as a special treat , she plays a song that she created on her guitar . she loves playing on her guiter .
from far away the ferris wheel looked simply incredible . even though the first color scheme was impressive , as our boat drew closer it displayed an even cooler color scheme . as the boat rounded the harbor i was able to get a full shot of all of the buildings , their surfaces lite up now from street lights . as we were leaving the harbor once more the ferris wheel turned a welcoming blue color , as if to make my depressed mood as it faded away . i said goodbye to the lovely peer , our ferry now chugging on into the night .
[male] attended a rally in location dv people flooded the streets in dc the national mall was full of people flat stanley was on the national mall a line of coach buses lined the streets
the couple found a great spot to watch the fireworks . they sat down to enjoy the show . the fireworks lit up the whole town . it was a beautiful show . afterwords they met up with some friends .
a tourist goes to a heritage day parade . he loves the flag . he records people dancing . then , a marching band walks down the street . he thinks this lady is attractive , so he takes her picture . then , the local karate club does their performance .
everybody had showed up for the celebration dinner . it was a lot of fun and everybody was in a great mood . after dinner , a lot of people decided to dance . others decided to chat over more drinks . a few people checked out the foosball table .
a lot of employees showed up for the annual christmas party , and the boss was pleased about it . everyone took turns taking a fun photo with the miniature location statue at the front door . one of the employees walked around the party to take photos of the employees so that some of the photos could be included in the company newsletter . some of the employees got a little too tipsy considering that the party was a company function . some of the employees brought their spouses with them to the party , and the spouses had a lot of fun , too .
the stadium if ready to be filled for the days races . we are so very proud of all who competed . number five rounds the corner with ease , passing his opponents . our team takes the lead in a unifying race . number six takes the curve with ease .
we got to the big city and checked out all the sales . we wanted lunch so we checked out some food trucks . we took a look at all the enormous skyscrapers . we even road in a bicycle cab . a man reads the paper while waiting for his cab in nyc .
i always thought i had good looks . i have an awesome sense of style . maybe i should be a model . i 'll start with head shots . even when i dress down i look awesome
it 's always fun in our family when mom makes her holiday organization organization with strawberries and whipped cream . it 's a december tradition every year . kids love it but adults love it too . mom always decorates our house . we help . that evening we go out for a walk along the river . lots of people around .
this dog show is going to be so fun . i bet i win . ni i will win i ma by far the best there is here . i do n't care if i win , my buddy still loves me . i am too ugly to win , or maybe not . ya he is too ugly to win .
the dark church was creepy in the lingering light . the carvings in the wood shone strangely . a girl asked her friend to take her picture in the dimly lit church . her friend then took a selfie before getting creeped out . they ran outside- it was much safer there .
getting ready for graduation with her mother and father . the girls are wearing their caps and gowns ready to walk . the weather is perfect for a walk on the beach . these girls are having a good time together , out on the town . this is a brand new building with a nice manicured lawn .
it was the first time the children had ever ridden the bus to school . their mother waved at them as the bus pulled off . she had backed into another car the day before . her husband was not pleased when he saw the damage . she had to get the soccer equipment out the back and get to the practice that afternoon .
i went to see the clock big [male] on vacation . the clock was massive and intricately detailed . i also saw a statue that stood close to the clock . to my disbelief there was a ferris wheel close to big [male] that people could ride . i had to ride the ferris wheel before i left and it was every bit as fun as i 'd hoped it would be .
we walked along the ocean just before the storm hit . a boat heads for the harbor and safety . these cats checked us out as they sought shelter . the calm before the storm . the cargo ship did n't seem to be worried about the storm .
i had a great time at the restaurant yesterday . i ordered so many delicious dishes . they were very expensive though . afterward we were still hungry so we stopped somewhere else for some dessert . we ordered whole tray of chocolate fudge .
having a blast on the summer roadtrip ! some slowdowns but nothing rains on our parade . our first scenic spot ! how fun ! a giant berry ! probably from a giant 's garden . a view of the whole city ! what a nice view .
the florida sunsets are always stunning . they are often covered by clouds . even the birds come to watch them . they fly high in the air to see it . eventually , the sun sets completely .
it was a breathtaking day in the mountains . it was the kind of day [male] , [male] and [male] , three brothers from a close knit family , really enjoyed . every now and then , they took a break from their busy lives to commune with nature . on perfect days like this , it was especially rewarding . it always brought them closer , and reminded them how important it was to stay close to one 's family members .
i had been wanting to get my hair done for quiet some time . my girlfriend went with me to make sure i got it done correctly . i am getting ready to get started . this was my before picture . this is the after picture and i think it turned out great .
there are a lot of shops on this street . people sell good of all kinds to people visiting the city . you can even buy dresses . these balloons are popular with kids . the main street shops are a great way for the locals for make money .
they did n't usually gather outside for prayer , but this was an important occasion . a lot of people showed up . some of them milled around , unsure of what they were supposed to be doing . two of the men examined the ancient wall . a few others were deep in prayer , and one read aloud from a book .
it 's 4th of july and everyone is celebrating . these fireworks can be seen from a hill on the edge of town . the show lasts for over an hour . someone in the crowd set this one off and was quickly arrested . finally comes the grand finale for the end of another great holiday .
on vacation i could n't help wondering where all the people were because it was a blank street . i walked up upon a large massive ferris wheel and i have to admit i just wanted to sit high on it . i noticed when i walked up to it that it was titled the wheel of location . i continued on my trip and clipped a very great picture of a dome room on top a chapel . at the end of the day i needed to spend the time to over look everything on top of the roof tops .
we went the rodeo today . there where lots of old classic trucks . of course we have to pay respects to our country . there was a lot of excitement today . they even had buffalo .
we were very excited to be visiting location on our trip . the architecture was absolutely stunning throughout the city . we stopped by the pier and watched the fish swimming below for awhile . we went to a local cafe to get some food since everyone was hungry . everybody loved the trip , we are excited to come back next year .
today we went walking in the woods , looking for wildlife . [male] got tired so he climbed on daddy 's back . we searched the trees for any signs of birds . finally we found one and got to hand feed it ! we also noticed this curious creature prancing through the snow !
the meeting for awards for the boy 's club was well attended and led by the leaders . it began with the saying of the pledges . observers included sisters and brothers . the observers were read the work of the boy 's that were posted on the board . the boys saluted in respect while saying the pledges .
the small kitten had a unique personality . almost as unique as his . he had found it at work . someone had abandoned it in the stadium . they probably knew someone would be a sucker for it and he was the sucker .
when we all arrived , we felt ready to cross the hot sands . but we were smart and took the time to look around for a bit before we started . it looked like we were't the only ones here , as we saw an pack animal closer to the cliffs . they looked so big and the space so narrow once we got closer ! we kept going , finally arriving at the spot we would be going through .
not a soul was out . sometimes it seemed like a desolate place . today was no exception . the sound of the waves and the occasional bird chips were the only sounds . well , it would n't last long , it never did .
my friends and i went on a vacation at a water cabin . we jumped into the water and made great splashes ! there were also historical buildings near by . i also had lunch with my mother . later , we went on a boat ride in the river .
the study group went out for drinks after class . [male] was trying to find someone to come with him on a trip to location . location asked him why location was the place he wanted to go to . [male] told them about his lifelong dream to see location location . but no else was interested , so [male] decided to pay for his drinks and go home alone .
the kids are opening up their christmas presents . the girl nibbles on a blue present decoration sticky . the boy lifts up a bag right before he takes out something inside it . the girl starts to fiddle with a small toy she got . the girl then starts to tear the plastic wrap off a large dvd case .
it was the vloggies ! a day that vloggers look forward to . [female] brought in the gifts to be given out . and [male] had put on his best suit . a group of people got up to award a organizaion some money for all the work they did with vlogggers . and [male] hung out with the duck . i 'd call it a successful night !
`` hey [male] ! '' `` hey [male] ! '' `` i 'm you ex-girlfriend 's new boyfriend . '' `` but i do n't have an ex ... '' `` this is why we ca n't have nice things . ''
i love the roller coaster . and the beach . even if i ca n't swim . i went on the water anyhow . then i saw a tower .
the gang is all here for a day at the beach . the water feels warm and looks calm . i won this swimming contest . not even a real challenge . we went and fed the local ducks . everyone decided to end the night with a bonfire and a little junk talking .
we met that night for a chat and drinks . all my friends were there including my childhood friend . my other friends pretended to be tough . this lovely lady was also invited to drink with us . we had a lot of fun and laughs at the end of the night .
jin song decided she wanted some tea . so she got all the girls together and went to the tea shop . at the shop they saw wang tu , and invited her to join . later they called up some of the guys from school . they all decided to go down by the marina and hang out .
after work , a woman picked out a nice christmas tree from a tree lot near her home . arriving home , her husband helped to bring the tree in and began sorting through their collection of christmas lights . while he wrapped the lights around the tree , she began adding ornaments in various shapes and sizes . her favorite ornament was shaped like her pet cat . after all the ornaments were added , she finished decorating by placing a long red tree topper on the top branch .
my family consists of my father my little brother , and little sister who you can see in this picture posing with their christmas gifts during our favorite season . my father often ends up helping his baby girl put together her gift on christmas as most fathers do but he loves it as he does her . i am the the oldest and here you can see me posing for the camera beside the family car cracking a smile for the camera . i feel like we are the typical american family that goes to church on sunday and gives thanks for the blessings that he provides to us . this is what a typical landscape looks like where we live and we give thanks to god every day for the beauty that surrounds us just like we imagine most americans wake up and do every day .
i went to the spanish fiesta days i saw the parade there were lots of different people i saw multiple stands that helps people with . they had raffles for prizes
our small town decided to reconstruct our windmill . the governor of our town talked about the importance of the windmill . the windmill was used to bring electricity to our town many years ago . the windmill featured gears made out of aluminum and wood . an operator is used to operate the windmill with a level/crank in case their is an electricity shortage . a few of the gears inside the windmill had to be replaced and reconstructed . the gears were wearing thin and caused electricity shortages in the city .
[female] spent the evening along the river . she stayed until it grew dark . that is when the fireworks began . they exploded with color along the night sky . the finale was fantastic and exciting .
the organization organization organization is a great rock band thei from location . [male] 'devestator ' falcone plays lead guitar . [male] 'broke butt ' bones is the lead singer and plays bass . harland 'not the actor ' williams accompanies on second guitar and keyboards . their sets are amazing , as evidenced by this stolen set list .
lots of people gathered for the celebration . there were fireworks . the fireworks lasted for a long time . people loved the sparklers . after the celebration , there was a mess to clean up the next day .
the couple decided to go to the bar for their anniversary . they enjoyed a few drinks together . the music was very nice that night . they liked the lighting of the place . they danced the night away , very much in love with each other .
to get the perfect flower picture this spring we went to the park . the pinks , whites , and reds , were beautiful , but not quite what we wanted . we spent time in the gazebo and looked around for inspiration . we found a deity statue that was just about the perfect color . finally we found the orange and yellow hues we wanted and took our perfect flower picture .
i went to a temple for the first time last weekend . it was a beautiful day and there is a great view of the city skyline . several people were holding a small prayer group outside of the temple . my wife 's husband was so happy to see me there . her brothers and friends were also thrilled that i showed up .
pinoymac the apple users group , was having an event . in fact it was the groups anniversary . they had a good time meeting in person rather than on the forums . they had a good time discussing and working on macs , and making friends .
on our way to a concert getting ready for the concert wow they pulled someone up on stage rocking out to music fantastic fireworks at end
the park today was a good choice , this guy is always playing the same song . we saw some people in a boat and quickly became jealous . he said do n't even think of getting on the ferris wheel . so we , just went inside .
the accident really damaged the front of the car . the license plate fell off of one car and the other car 's fender was dented . we all stood outside to exchange insurance information . we decided to take a picture of the accident for insurance purposes . two police officers came by and asked us questions about the accident .
this trip was like a scene right out of a 50 's movie . the motel was so old that it did n't even have air conditioning . but , they did fly their flag everyday . walking along the beach was breathtaking and very enjoyable . walking on the breakers was a bit nerve wracking , but the view was worth it .
the glace stood up above the building that nice day . the parade was starting with flags and people lined up . the float was a colorful pink with balloons on top . some ladies held a location flag during the parade . the people in the parade held up a colorful flag while others walked behind .
there are often skateboarders on the city streets . this might be a bit too dangerous . this man is ready to start exploring the city on his skateboard . he stops to do a little sight-seeing . this skateboarder has the street all to himself .
this was our first time here and this building was quite a first site . the streets were very lively that day . even the vending machines were vibrant . the city really lit up at night and looked very modern . we all posed for a picture with our friends .
getting in the grave site . soldier walking in the fallen soldiers grave . the band performing . the crowd anticipating the speech . waiting for the president to arrive .
the grounds of the location location in location location location were designed for both beauty and contemplation . the temple itself is imposing and dominates the city skyline . the monuments close follow a similar design scheme . while water is used to provide refreshing atmosphere and points to the wealth of the temple in such an arid region . the use of colored flowers also make a contrasting accompaniment to the more plain colored temple .
i walked into the large catholic church today and i was amazed at the stained glass in there . it depicted large pictures of [male] and apostles . it was so beautiful i loved each panel of glass more than the last . these were in the restroom . i could sit in here for hours staring at the panes . my all time favorite were these ones . it was story depicted in the glass that only i could understand . i loved it so .
this is a picture of a seal . this is a picture of seals on the beach . this is a picture of animals . this is a picture of a building . this is a picture of a kitchen .
we 're at the car show and i ca n't take my eyes off this beauty . it 's just such a glorious car , in my favorite color , silver . there 's a raffle for this car later today and i hope i win it ! i can easily imagine myself cruising down the highway in this beauty ! i 'm off into the sunset with the car of my dreams . ( in my dreams . )
there was a big festival going on today . there was a lot of people out walking the streets . we even seen some characters walking around . there were vehicles that were decorated as well . there were plenty of people there to make the day fun .
we went out to the bar to celebrate the end of the work week . [female] told us that we had to try the sushi at the restaurant . here 's [male] and sky taking a selfie after they stole my phone . then , [male] decided to get another set of cigars for the group . we all appreciated bob for that .
report for insurance : at the rear end , everything below car 's brake light is unhinged . right brake light covers are missing . left headlight out of place and , on its right , angled upward , preventing trunk from closing . cover for right headlight is missing . supplementary picture .
many tourists visited this national park . the scenery was breathtaking . the man came here to hike . he met two other hikers and they started to talk . an elderly couple asked the hiker to take their picture . he was happy to do so . he could relate with people who liked the same things he did .
many people gathered around to see the press confrence . here is mike checking his phone while the conference is going on . [male] then posed for a picture with his buddy [male] . a picture of [male] 's sand which he ate at the conference . the group took a photo at the end of the press conference .
there were a lot of different lights piled up . the ceremony had begun and everyone was having a good time . we got a kick out of this girls costume . this guy was awesome and ripped for his age . one of my favorite people posing with a bouquet of roses
last weekend i was on vacation in location . i saw many wonderful buildings . the entire city looked so old . it was winter time when i went . there was snow covering the ground in a lot of places .
today was the day their plane arrived in the big city . when they got out of the airport they could not believe how crowded it really was . they rented a cart . they wanted to enjoy the sights before they fireworks this evening . after a full day of sightseeing they found a perfect spot to view the fireworks . they even made their early morning flight back home on time . the vie of the city at night from the air was amazing .
we are wrapping up work on the documentary . finish line in sight . [male] is going over the final song that needs to be worked on . the guys are setting everything up . time to finish this . we got the group up to perform the song . sounds great . all done . time to bring out the cakes and celebrate the wrap up .
a friend of mine invited me to the [male] art fair . many of the attendees would say how each painting made them feel . i thought that the combination of these colors were pretty . someone said this was an artistic statement about gun control and i thought that was pretentious . there were some truly amazing pieces at the art fair this year .
all the food i prepared for the party the gangs all here for the birthday celebration this is us just chatting away about old memories [male] trying to blow out his candles after a few shots of patrone [male] had to carry his girlfriend out that night !
ok what do i do ? i see i have to pick a numbered square . i sure do like tennis . this game is going to rock . i know i will win .
today we went snow shoeing in location . the weather was perfect for an outdoor excursion . we stopped at a korean restaurant in location . i got a dish that sort of looked like sloppy joes ! my husbands dish resembled spaghetti with cheese .
this is a very old ancient city , with what they call ruins everywhere . i would have loved to have seen when it was all built up . tourists come from miles around to see these old rare structures . these columns were built so long ago , its a wonder that they are still standing . i wonder who lived here and what they did for a living .
it was opening day and the crowd was lining up to cheer their team on the new stadium was a great undertaking but it came out looking really good it was a sold out ball game for the opening day and the weather was beautiful the crowd roared as the first pitch was thrown after the ball game the crowd quickly dispersed to their local watering holes
it was the perfect time of year for hot cocoa . the lake had frozen up weeks ago . the snow was a few feet deep . and frost covered my hair almost immediately after i stepped outside . as the sunset , the cold air dropped below zero .
some of the crews this year went all out on their costumes . there where so many different colors . green , orange , and blue . they all looked so good . we where asked to vote on what one was the best , but i feel that was pretty short handed . they all looked so good . picking just one felt like a sin .
the church appeared ominous from this angle . it was the wrong church . we were looking for 814 . we made extra effort to check if it was really 814 . we took a step back and admired the church . clouds passed overhead and the church looked a little different .
we took the train going anywhere . it was great . the fountain square was neat to see up close . this dragon is on the side of the fountain . off to another adventure . going to go tour this area and see what we can find . this angel is overlooking the square . she 's a little weird .
yep , diving for the ball is a good way of playing to show any scouts out there that i play to win . i also want to show them that i am a good hitter . and of course i must show them that i can slide into any base . although , sometimes it seems that i am afraid of the ball , but be assured that i am not ! look at me go , i can connect the bat to the ball every time i at bat . go me !
welcome to my birthday ! we were ready and waiting for everyone to show up . we had so many activities planned . crafts and snacks for all . grandma and grandpa helped do activities too . everyone had fun and liked my crown . next was time for the cake ! chocolate cake being bulldozed was so creative . goodbye everyone , thanks so much for coming to my birthday party today !
there was nothing like a live performance . location had always been a favorite . after a show , she would often window show . she loved the lights . it was a nice to stroll along the city streets and reflect on the show , the performers , the music .
i spotted one fine brown horse from the sideline . each of the contestants walked their horses in order . some men in suits regulated the event . the set up and stage was marvelous and luxurious . i knew for sure that this horse was going to win something .
the annual alligator ally race was about to begin and [male] and [female] were excited . all of the runners from around the county gathered at the starting line with them . it was a long distance race and would take multiple hours to complete but they had been training for months . finally [male] and [female] crossed the finish line together . all was well besides the state of [male] 's feet , but the pain was worth the reward .
today , we had a celebration fro the hockey teams . here are the pictures from each of the teams . each team was proud of their own team . even though the season was over , they still wanted to play . at the end , we just took a picture of all the kids supporting the teams .
this is a picture from our summer house . the boats on the lake are so pretty and relaxing . this is the backyard of our summer house including our swimming pool . the grass is so green this year and the hedges have just been trimmed . pretty ! our garage has been converted into an overhanging garden . the flowers will be blooming soon ! and finally , this is the stairway to our house . it 's a long climb but well worth it !
the fourth of july celebration was a lot of fun . everyone from work came . [female] took pictures with the guy she liked from the accounting department . after getting shit-faced , they decided to call it a night . but [female] and the guy from the accounting department hooked up .
i 'm thinking about selling my car . with some of this damage , i wonder what i can get for the car . i had n't realized this runner was lifted . and i knew about his damage , but i think it got dinged more in the parking lot . how did i bend the exhaust pipe ? i can not recall this happening . i still wonder what i can sell it for ...
on our vacation we had the chance to sit at the lake and watch the sun go down . here we are watching the sun come up . the night we headed to the fair in town to get on the ferris wheel we kept seeing . a sign we saw and thought oh my . we wo n't be hitting the water . cute fella that watched us closely at the zoo .
the girls skated onto the ice in one big group . they formed a circle to end their routine . after they left the ice they posed for a group photo . they watched the other teams perform . after all the teams perfomed they were declared the winners .
much celebrating was about to come . everyone gathered for the big event . the guest of honor was brought in front of the crowd . many kind words were shared . she enjoyed this day so much .
this glass is dirty and needs to be washed . it has broken , luckily it is still intact . the glass has shattered , at least it is still mostly in one piece . now the glass has broken all over the place ! somebody is going to have to clean up this huge mess !
we had great fun on our walking tour around the city . my husband loved this shot with the cityscape behind him . the architecture here is wonderful and glows in the soft sunlight . the lights at night turn the city into a fun colorful place . the new architecture here is also a sight to see , with its great form and color .
everyone came out today , for the annual festival . the family 's were ready to celebrate together . everyone wore their blue and red and white stripes . the crew had a great time together .
it was a big day for [male] [male] . mom , dad , and aunt sherry all came to celebrate . aunt lucy and cousin mark were there as well , both got a chance to hold [male] [male] . everyone wanted to get into the photos with [male] [male] ! there was a delicious cake to celebrate . mazal tov to [male] [male] !
the musicians went over the set list before the concert started . the lead singed performed well during the first song . the rhythm section of the band played well . the lead singer stopped singing to address the crowd for a brief moment . the music resumed with a guitar solo .
we work hard at preparing our night 's festivities . even as the city in the distance begins their own show , we are working . having set up our own entertainment , we start . most watch the techniques being used with wry amusement , and plan their own strategies . some experiments are more successful than others .
i spend a lot of late nights studying at a coffee shop near campus . i get bored sometimes during the long study sessions . we play around at having fistfights to wake each other up . [male] always cracks me up when he 's there . he 's such a hilarious guy . he loves his coffee ! we need it , when the studying sessions last well past midnight .
last week every one gathered for [male] 's birthday . we had a big birthday cake for him . the theme of the party was `` robots '' because [male] likes them so much . so , we all got together and made some robots . when we were done , the robots came out looking really neat .
[male] and [male] are planning on selling a property they own . they take down notes of things they want to mention in the listing . the glass room overlooking the pool is an important feature they want to advertise . the bathroom was recently updated , something that they know is important to mention in advertising the house . the mater bedroom lets in lots of light . [male] and [male] take more notes as they look out one of the windows . a shot outside the house . the solar panels , a green and energy saving feature , are another important feature the pair writes down on their list .
i came for the rollercoasters . i could ride them all day long . my wife wanted time at the beach . i can only take so much of that . beaches with no swimming signs and lots of people in the water do not make much sense . i like the view offshore looking back at the city . this is a really cool ride . you can see for miles and miles !
our island vacation was amazing . we stayed in a bed and breakfast right on the seashore every morning we walked out onto the beach , where people liked to relax in the sun . in town we rented little motorbikes to travel through the winding streets . in the evening we visited the church for a beautiful , holy mass .
we took our family vacation to location this year . our hotel was located right at the beach . we went to town to take in some of the local cuisine . a folk singer serenaded us while we ate . he was quite good . vacations are always too short . five days went by so quick . we enjoyed our trip and decided we will visit again .
when i woke up , i found myself in a strange cave . stepping outside , i discovered that i was in a beautiful landscape ! mountains and streams dotted the countryside all around me . fearing eventual starvation , i approached the first sign of civilization i found . thankfully , the house i found was full of friendly travelers who were quite willing to take me along on their journey .
i have a friend whose family lives dangerously . any time they take pictures they have to blank out faces . this is their family photo . it 's really a shame they have to live like this . it takes all the fun out of taking pictures .
we looked out at the choppy water . sea lions where out on the rocks . behind us in the woods there where deer about . up above , there where hawks in the trees . we hung out by the bay and then moved on .
sitting with my dog in the lush countryside . writing my pets name in the sand while playing frisbee . my dog trotting off to explore a new scent on the beach . my dog and i running and playing on the beach . my wonderful animal companion chasing the frisbee which landed in the water .
i am so pumped up for this night ! the screen sure helps to see because i 'm a little far back . this seems like a better view , and i 'm having a great time ! could this get any cooler ? i felt the same as everybody else and the performers that were having such a great time !
i took my wife out for our anniversary dinner . our first course was a light but delicious salad . following our salad we had squash bisque . for our main course we had a beautifully plated salmon . to end our wonderful night we had a parfait for dessert .
she is ready to have a blast on her tricycle ! she is having lots of fun right now ! now she is walking and very happy ! he is just sitting inside ! he is just fine ! now they will enjoy the awesome cake !
today is [female] 's birthday . all of her friends gathered around the table to eat . next they played games and made jewelry . after a while everyone was waiting for the birthday cake . now everyone is bored and wants some cake .
the kids went to school they read their favorite books there were books on sale and kids got to read their favorites one kid ruined the ending
my children and i had fun playing with our foods . we made faces from the different veggies . my son made a porcupine . i made a girl and my wife made a little boy . we then fed them to the pigs . we fed the goats while we were there too .
the family took a trip to the lake this weekend . we even brought the baby ! grandma was excited . did a little waterboarding . check out this floater . this was so fun , do n't forget the life jackets . [male] was n't so sure of the cold waters .
she packed lunch for a long day out doors . they all went skiing together . he went down the slope first . they gathered at the top for one last ski run down the hill . nothing was better than a warm gathering with friends after a cold day outside .
friday was [female] 's birthday . everyone got together to celebrate and the booze started flowing ! the music started and people started to dance . someone brought a lovely cake . [female] was ready to cut the cake but everyone was on the dance floor .
today i dressed [male] up in a ridiculous getup . he looked so stupid . he giggled and giggled . then i decided i 'd do the same thing . we are so cool ! [female] and [female] came over and laughed with us ! [female] laughed so hard she peed a little . [male] came over later and her getup was even better ! we had such a funny time !
dishes is n't always a fun process , but it has to be done . you have to wash the inside of the pan , and do n't forget to wash the outside . then of course , make sure to wash the lid , so that the pan and the lid can be safely used next time you are cooking .
this was the drink that started the birthday luau . here one of the party goers enjoys a drink while lounging with a beach ball . the party really started going when all of her friends showed up . this partygoer almost got into a fight . as the party started to wind down everyone started to realize how tired they were .
we were all going to volunteer to clean up the swamp today . my brother swiftly throwing away all waste that was not recyclable . these nice people helped volunteer to clean up the swamp and also brought along their dog . delicious hot dogs were grilled for the volunteers to appreciate all their hard work . a final group photo was taken of the many organizers and volunteers during this event .
several people attended a street fair today . there were lots of exhibits to see and things to do . elaborate decorations were everywhere . there were even authentic demonstrations being put on . people had fun with all of the events of the day .
[female] coulter 's pictures shows a beautiful , young woman . [female] is outside picking flowers on a nice day . the family sat in the living room to take the picture . grandma always took great care of the children . the neighbors were always very friendly and well dressed .
it 's a nice day at the beach . the sun starts to shine over the water . the clouds start to cover up the sun . the sun is shining bright in sky and clouds are not around . someone decides to sail away on this beautiful day .
a family went to visit a city festival . there was a farmer 's market where one could buy local vegetables . there was music to at the festival . there were rides for the families to enjoy . the day was overcast , but the temperature was nice to enjoy the festival .
live lobsters were removed from the box . the lobster 's are laid out on the floor in a row . the lobster 's had their claws clamped . two lobster 's lay on the floor with their claws closed with rubber bands . lobster 's are set in a metal basket .
[female] is checking on a few things on her laptop , were all glad she is so organized . [male] is checking out the waves as they come in . i wonder what [male] is looking for ? everyone is having fun frolicking on the beach . you found this great place for dinner , not too expensive but very tasty .
[female] and [male] celebrated their fiftieth wedding anniversary by taking a dream vacation . for ten days , they lived right on the beach in the most beautiful of locales . the sounds of the ocean serenaded them day and night . when they were n't swimming or sunbathing , [female] and [male] enjoyed exploring in a sailboat . this vacation was a dream come true and a wonderful way for them to celebrate fifty years of marriage .
we had a day at the kid park with [female] . [female] got to sit in her own part of the train . she was really happy to be there . she kept asking what ride we would go on next . when the ride was over though , she wanted to go again .
after her first swimming lesson . dancing with mom . sleeping with dad . going to disney world . mom doing her first haircut .
smile , as mom takes your photo ! funky lights make this hallway fun . anchors away ! poor exposure makes bad photos . let 's get stuck at the top !
we were all set for easter morning ! our daughter begins the egg hunt . she organizes her egg collection after the hunt . we waited outside for the extended family . everyone had dinner together .
i wondered when i would get some of that cake i saw . that did n't taste like cake . now that is good cake and i really liked the icing . more cake please and be quick about it . i would ask for my milk but i ca n't move right now .
the children were very excited about the easter egg hunt . they gathered their baskets and dressed in their best clothes . the crowd gathered for the great hunt . finally it was time to go . the parents watched with great anticipation until the hunt was over .
there as a local festival today . there was a band playing . there were also booths where you were able to win games . we were also able to witness a motorcycle stunt act . there was a ferris wheel in the middle of the festival .
we visited location and the scenery was beautiful . the stopped to look at the local flora and fauna . then we came across an old cathedral . during our trip we managed to save some of the local currency . the hills in the country are amazing .
i have always lived inland during my younger years and have a yearning for the sea now and i am fascinated by cottage style communities close to the ocean side . i enjoy traveling around looking for where i would like to spend the rest of my days and i love to take pictures of the places i find the most appealing . this house was one that i would have loved to buy if it had been for sale because i thought it was just perfect for me . i found this home beautifully landscaped and just the perfect size for myself and what i have to fill it with but it is not available either . i suppose i will keep on with my search to find that perfect cottage by the sea and to take pictures along my way of what might have been if the timing had been right .
yesterday was my birthday and we went out to walk down by the dock . there was a lot of traffic downtown but we eventually found a parking garage . there was a large boat anchor down there . we swung by a club for a few minutes . then we decided to ride on the organization wheel .
getting ready for dancing and music on the docks ! the band 's warming up ! cool shot of the band rocking out ! the necessary close up of the singer jamming ! getting late and quiet ! time to call it a night..
we were excited to be on vacation together . the smart car was awesome on gas . this is where we 're staying for the week . check out the decor . the architecture in this country is a classic .
i went on a trip to the location and one of the first places the family visited was big [male] . next to old [male] was a large statue . i could n't make out the writing , but the artistic work was impressive . as we continued to make are way down the peer i could see a giant ferris wheelin the distance . before reaching our hotel from the peer a double decker bus came screaming past us . finally we arrived at the front of our hotel , it 's big red doors in full view .
today we visited a special place of my parents ' . after walking through the gates , we saw a huge tower in the distance . the tower seemed to grow taller as we got closer . we saw that it had a million steps to get to the top . after climbing the steps , we stayed and watched the sunset .
in a small down , going down a long dirt road . at the beach there is a wall with writing on it . a red roofed building called sale city looks like a cool place . an inside amusement park always is a way to have fun . this amusement park will be opened for the rest of the summer .
i took a trip to a bike trail today . i brought my favorite bmx style bike . i was able to get going really fast on the trails . there were some sweet hills to ride down . there were even jumps and a realistic track to practice my skills on .
the motorcycle show was this weekend . motorcycle enthusiasts came to show off their creations . some people even brought tricked-out semi-trucks . everyone lined their bikes up in a parking lot for people to look at . eventually , some of the cyclists decided they were bored with showing their rides and rode off to have fun .
my little girls outside of a building on our location vacation . a house in location my girl was posing in front of . this scene i shot reminds me of some movie i saw , ca n't remember which . this is a bull we found near by , pretty cool . i love the architecture on this light here , we do n't design things like this back home .
it was a hot day for this little fella . all he wanted was to cool off so he stuck out his tongue to pant . the revolution had begun . this little dog stuck her tongue out back at the other one . this bulldog was receiving lots of love from his owner for a job well done , but he wanted to participate , too . then all the dogs wanted to join in the fun while they panted out their heat . except one staunch , strict older male . seeing all the shenanigans , he just looked on in disbelief .
my brothers and i went to the beach for a week and stayed in a very tiny house . it was tiny , but there was still room when our parents showed up and surprised us . even though the house was tiny , the beach beach seemed endless . the row of tiny houses , like the one we stayed in , seemed endless , too . can you believe all these people stayed in tiny beach house on the day it rained ?
i went on a hike yesterday . there was a lot of garbage in the woods . there were some strange rock formations that i explored . i had a great time there . it was a long walk back to the car .
i found a new peep flavor today . dark chocolate . i had to give it a try . each peep is individually wrapped . new ! was written across , building up my excitement to try it . i took my first bite and documented it . first bite and i was done . it did n't taste how i thought it would taste . now i am left with a full box of dark chocolate peeps !
here is out table cloth with shamrocks on it . here 's a couple of us sitting around and drinking . my boyfriend and i dancing and having fun . my sister looks like she has blue hair ! friends sitting around and acting crazy .
this his a beautiful scene of the art building . the art building consist of two floors . this is a view of the first floor with art on the wall . there are lots of art scenes in this building such as tables and chairs . this is a sky view of the art building .
we got the kids ready for easter . the parents then gathered for the events . they lined the kids up at the starting line . then the kids went crazy finding eggs . it was an awesome easter .
a single paper lantern floating on the water marks the start . one by one each takes its place . a floating parade of somber light . while the crowd ponders in reflection . as the bells toll .
this little guy had a ton of fun at the beach . looking around at all the footprints was fascinating . and of course we had to start making some sandcastles . though he wanted a bit of help eventually ! we left our footprints as a brief hint that we 'd been there before leaving .
she smiled gamely , trying not to show that she was nervous about flying in the small plane with a new pilot . the pilot grinned . he was n't the least bit worried about passing his test . he assured everyone that it would be great fun . the flight instructor gave small helpful hints , but mostly let his pupil figure things out on his own . the plane glided smoothly over the lake . everything was going as planned . the group smiled for the camera , and readied themselves for their own test flight .
tennis players were warming up for the championship . spectators pre-gamed with drinks and conversation . some people forgot to bring chairs . beer and tennis went hand and hand for some of the fans . [male] decided he only wanted to drink one pitcher of beer so that he could remember the match .
along the way the couple spot a wild cat , blending into the foliage . near the end of their journey up , the couple find a small watering hole and decide to freshen their cantinas . a married couple are happy to start their early hike thru the mountains . along the way , the husband catches a spot where three mountain peaks are visible in one . after a full day , the couple take one last photo of a small peak near the end of the trail .
it was a beautiful day out and we decided to spend the day together . the kids were particularly excited . we headed to the beach so the kids could play in the sand . my son was looking at a weird insect on the rock . we took many photos together for memory .
the woman was touring the city . her first stop was the beach . then she went downtown . she saw some amazing old buildings . she saw some detailed statues .
on my vacation i rode the ferris wheel . this is in main city i stayed in , it was so busy . there was a lot of traffic , but it was easy to get around . my favorite day was when i went to this old church . i was able to take this stunning picture from a hot air balloon ride .
the town of location in location location is a sleepy little town that has a unique claim to fame . it is the home of the world 's largest living lit christmas tree . i stayed in this bed and breakfast when i visited the town to see the tree lit in early december . the whole town gathered at this restaurant to have hot chocolate and cookies before the tree lighting ceremony . after the tree was lit , those that wanted to could attend a christmas service in this small church .
we saw lots of sights while we were on vacation . there was even a castle . it was so amazing to see all the big arches up close . the museum was a favorite stop on our journey and had many amazing things to see . one of my favorite parts of the trip was getting to relax on the beach . after dark we got to see all the fountains lit up and working .
mom dad and i went to the zoo today we saw neat looking towers as high as the sky we saw little penguins as cute as buttons we saw polar bears that looked as fierce as the stories say but the old man did nothing but stare at me .
we gathered at the neighbor 's to watch the fireworks . we all waited with anticipation for the show to begin . then the first firework started it 's upward climb . it lit up the dark sky with it 's colors . the cat was not too impressed though .
it was a great night at the plaza the rooms lit up the night sky and everyone wanted to be at the plaza their were gift shops where you could buy stuff too it was a wonderful time to stay at the hotel
the friends were arriving by plane to achieve a lifelong dream . they excitedly arrive in the location location location and preserve . they visit thunderous rivers and waterfalls . they take in the gorgeous views of the mountains . then finish the day quietly fishing in a calm area in the middle of nowhere .
[male] wore a dog costume to the office party . [male] wore a bright red cape proclaiming himself to be super techie . [female] dressed in black and said she was a fortune teller . [male] wore a mow hawk and sunglasses . [male] dressed as a girl which did n't surprise anyone .
walking by santas house . getting a few more gifts . a christmas vendor selling shirts . buying a few snacks . ready to go home .
christmas is a wonderful celebration . usually , you can see christmas trees all over . sometimes they show up in malls or town centers . they are usually decorated with lights and sometimes with colorful ornaments . christmas is a special time of each year , decorations and all .
i am taking my dog over to the beach today . we are going to draw in the sand . run around and play . then take a dip in the water . what a great view we have today .
[female] is throwing a party for her friends . her friend [female] grabs a drink and starts to drink . [female] is posing for a picture with [female] . [female] starts getting a little wild . she challenges all the guys to arm wrestling contests .
the cake was extremely cute . the children played together well . we had one girl who was a little too happy about the presents . we played board games for a bit . many of the kids had fun with the hands on playing .
seeing these vintage ads are neat . i wish i could travel back in time . looking at these old pictures in this museum is great . this is organization organization . i do not remember this . vintage clothing . vintage piano players , what a nice picture . [male] 's , i remember .
the family took a nice trip to the beach . they saw an enormous organization organization . they even got to see all the people on the beach . when the sun fell , they could see the beautiful colors on the skyline . they traveled to the shops and thought about the great day they had .
the whole family was gathered for grandpa 's birthday . the table was set and everyone was ready . the cake looked gorgeous on the table . grandpa said a few words then blew out the candles . he loved that everyone had gotten together just to see him .
we went sightseeing while in location . the old architecture is so artistic . a guard makes his rounds , quietly , i 'm sure . this building is another that we came across . it 's is also a testament to their artful nature . old gothic cathedrals always capture the attention with their beauty . we considered going on the location location location wheel . that is also fantastic architecture .
the renaissance faire was so much fun . i dressed up like a princess . my best friend dressed up like a princess as well . her mom decided to look like [female] [female] . [female] just went in her normal dress .
[male] 's mother made him a volcano cake for his first birthday party . she also made him a miniature volcano cake , or `` smash '' cake . [male] grabbed a hunk of the smash cake . it tastes delicious ! after cake , mommy , daddy , and [male] swam in the pool .
it 's time for the local doubles match . the crowd is excited and waiting for the match to start . it is time for the first serve . it goes over the net and they wait for the return . unfortunately the match gets heated and someone injures themselves . go team tennis .
we arrive to the outside of the museum . first we came to a painting of a group of people . then we found a long and beautiful hallway . after that we came to a room with many different paintings . finally we came to a large painting on the wall .
my family and i took a trip into the city for new years . they city has a lot of beautiful buildings . one of the coolest was the hotel we were staying at . before heading back to the hotel we found a park and the kids played for a little while . i bought my wife flowers to commemorate the new year .
i just sat down at the table to begin opening my birthday presents . yes , a new sweatshirt adds to my collection . i love blue and this location sweatshirt is awesome . reflecting on a well versed card from my mom . the cake is pretty busy , let 's start eating !
a marine band played live music at the charity event at the location location . the organization organization chefs prepared wonderful tasting appetizers with a southwest theme for the event . president obama and his wife , [female] , surprised everyone with a quick speech . after the speech , president obama mingled with the crowd . there were a lot of local business people at the charity event .
today we visited the local arcade . i have `` fond '' memories of losing plenty of quarters to claw games like this when i was a child . this machine is another gamble with your coins . it looks a lot like something out of the price is right ! jed tries his hand at acquiring a large haul of tickets . [male] his reaction speed be fast enough ? now here 's something that actually takes a bit of skill -- skeeball ! everyone tried their hand at skeeball . jed down on the left and [male] and [female] on the right . [female] got the highest score . sadly , no jackpot was won today .
today the group of friends visits a unique town . the town is historic and lit up special for a celebratory occasion . the lights add drama and a certain hint of beauty to the occasion and the fireworks just top it all off . the friends had a wonderful time viewing the beautiful sights together .
today is a beautiful day . the cat just woke up on this nice day . the cat is so alert . the patio is well put together . my husband enjoy his cake that i baked for him . my husband day was felt with love . it was a day he would never from get .
it is a rainy and miserable day . the car begins to operate slowly . we pull over to investigate . this is not good . it appears that there was a collision . lots of things are on the front of the car . the tire looks bad . we must have hit something big . the tire seems like it is deflated . this day is not very fun .
today was our dad 's 30th birthday . we surprised him with a cake . we sang happy birthday to him . he made a wish and blew out the candles . after eating cake , we all went out to play .
there were no buses allowed on this corner . then they realized they were on location ave . they walked past the organization organization . several tourists were standing outside the iron fence taking pictures . they could see the location monument was within walking distance .
one day i was waiting on the bus and thinking about what to buy my wife for her birthday . she is very important to me , so i need to get her something special . i found a nice necklace that i think she will like . i went and asked her dad , who i found praying outside . he thinks she will like the necklace !
the demonstration starts peacefully with the crowd obeying the restrictions for crowd control . police presence is visible but is not needed early in the evening . the crowd breaks the restrictions . some have gone too far and break the law . in order to keep the peace , the rabble rousers are carted away by the police . order is restored .
this group of friends gathered to have a few drinks they posed for the cameras this man was too drunk and was putting paper in his nose this other woman got on the table to scream her boyfriend told her to get off the table
the man was excited for his location bicycle that he had just gotten . he specifically designed the handle bars and breaks to suit his needs . the tires were also custom and were meant for the city and off road . the man took his bike down to the cafe . he met his friend there , where they discussed his new bike .
there are so many things to see around the city at night . everything looks so different all lit up at night . exploring the city at night is a wonderful experience . the city looks so pretty with all of it 's lights . we really live in such a wonderful city !
we left the cold to go to a warm climate for vacation . first day we swam in the water and jumped off the rocks . this is the water we swam in around the castle . this is the other side of the moat . nice houses . the canoe we rode around the moat in most of the day .
we took a trip through the mountain roads . the scenic views were beautiful and vast . by the riverbed there were these funny looking boats . the coastline was made of rock instead of sand . we rented this boat and took it out to see more beautiful landscape .
it was a beautiful day in mid summer . the family was planning a birthday party for grandpa . the kitties were out in the backyard running around . they were enjoying the day in sheer bliss , jumping and clawing everything . the patio was gorgeous and everyone was excited for the party . everyone was happy to sing happy birthday to grandpa . the dinner was delicious and everyone ended up having a great evening .
i visited the city i grew up in and a lot has changed . a house that used to have a family of eight was in the late stages of decay . my neighbor 's house looked like it was abandoned long ago . a single steer sits in the dead grass . i saw an old fence i used to sit on before left .
there was great food at this carnival . there were plenty of rides as well . we took lots of pictures together . i loved this game , i even won a prize ! at the end of the day , we were tired .
who names a ride 'the tickler ' ? it 's a terrifying thought . but there i was , strapped into it all the same , ready to be ... tickled , whatever that means . needless to say , i soon regretted my decision to go on the ride as it span me around in the air for a very long time . the only thing that felt like it was being tickled was the back of my throat was the bile rose and rose . some unsuspecting children wearing yellow shirts were about to be the recipient of my horrible , chunky vomit . thankfully , few noticed it arriving , as every child was moe involved in their own games rather than looking to the sky . i suppose it 's good they did n't .
getting out into the great outdoors is fun . and it 's even more fun with friends to go along with you . we were going to do some hiking , but we were a little daunted by these sheer inclines . but with a little determination , we made it to the top . and then we got the satisfaction of making it up the mountains , and doing it with friends .
my first visit to the bloghaus interactive lounge was one i 'll never foget . i met so many famous bloggers , including [male] michaels of gazelle in tents ! [male] letterbox was there , too . this is [female] [female] who writes the blog pointy toed cowgirl boots . the [female] of the blogoshpere - missy mcdaniels of howdoesshe ?
we got to the show and the music began . the dj 's there where awesome . there where a bunch of them , all going on after the other . it was crazy and fun . the show ended with famous dj 's before calling it a night .
the guests all arrived for the backyard party we were throwing . one of them brought his ferrari he just bought . we greeted the guests as they came on in , and caught up with each other as the night went on . our friend brought his new puppy and we all played fetch with a ball that he brought . the guys were hanging out and chatting with each other about the latest work projects . this turned out to be a really fun and enjoyable picnic for all our close friends .
me and my wife visited the beach today . while walking through the town we came across an old stone wall . in the water we saw a white riverboat . in the town there was a large cathedral that was so beautiful . at the end of the day we passed a black and white lighthouse .
there was a group of people gathered to watch a race . there were many colorful race cars participating . crowds stood by eagerly watching . a red car came by . it was followed by a very fast yellow car .
our party at the park included a game of frisbee . someone drew faces on the balloons to look like aliens . pizza was the party meal because everyone agrees on it . a space ship was on the cake in keeping with the alien theme . i guarded the blanket full of gifts while everyone played on last game of frisbee .
it was always exciting to get our weekly package of books in the mail . sometimes , it was favorites from young adulthood , such as little women . other times the children would get a whole bunch of paperback novels . the most useful were the learning books used for homeschooling . every once in a while a movie would be included .
karate performers waited onstage while the master spoke . one student demonstrates their skills by chopping through 3 thick blocks of ice with one hand . all the white students , regardless of skill , were put up front , per american custom . one audience member seems unimpressed with that custom . despite cultural tensions , the performance still brought people together .
one day , we traveled to the gas plant near our city . the neighborhood was full of homes but not many cars . we then went closer to the transporting area of the plant . this is where we found the bridge that most of their vehicles use . after taking pictures , we went back to a group party at the hotel .
our team party was held in the school auditorium this year . the girls are both star athletes . the guy is a guest . the buffet was impressive and most went back for seconds . our meal consisted of polish food . our town is predominately polish . here 's most of the team at one table . everyone wants a copy of this shot .
the local pub was having their annual karaoke contest . the two girls went in the drink some beers , sing some songs , and maybe meet some new people . the men were there for the same thing . in fact , one of them spotted someone right off the bat . he went up to her group of friends and joined in on their karaoke session . he ended up talking to the girl and having a great time .
we checked out some old ruins while on vaction . everything was made of stone . making things out of stone sounds bland but much of it was actually very pretty . they made very detailed mosaics . i ca n't imagine shaping every little stone .
the police chased a drunk driver who crashed his car while trying to get away . the toe truck has to remove it from the scene . the air bag deployed so the drive lived . the damaged and clean up blocked the road for hours .
the family had rich and varied history , and the baby was dressed in the fashion of the season . she grew into a little girl , wearing a large bow that was in style at the time . she was a little unsure of herself as she posed , careful not to move . the family photos were very serious . photographers needed people to be very still or the images would blur . the family grew and pictures became more candid as cameras were able to capture movement much faster , and the little girl had grown up .
we went to explore a local beach . the water was clear but cold . further inland , there were some old brick buildings . i took a picture of my friend in front of one of them . i also took a picture of one of them from far away .
[male] is a squirrel who spends his days running through the landscape , looking for nuts . one day , [male] heard a loud noise and decided to observe from a hidden spot . he saw a train lumber by slowly . after the train passed , [male] continued ambling along without a care in the world . `` look , '' he said to himself , `` i think i 'm going to climb that tree . ''
we went to location location today . they had a boardwalk . the boardwalk overlooked the lake . we went on the quiet rides first . after we rode all the quiet rides , we rode the crazy ones , like this roller coaster .
the ferris wheel was big and there was a map of the big city . the man was happy as they were riding .
i went on a romantic walk on the beach with my girlfriend last night . we sat on the beach and watched the sunset and then stared at the stars . the next morning we went back to the beach and it was a complete mess . we worked with a team for hours to clean up the beach . by evening , the beach was beautiful again , and the sunset was even prettier .
this summer we had a really bad storm . high winds and rain did a lot of damage to the city . it was a very bad storm and lasted a very long time . many trees were bent a broken from the winds . this was one the the worst storms we had in a very long time !
we went to the festival there were amazing hot air balloons there was amazing music [male] myers played his best songs there were alot of people there
[female] wanted nothing more than to go on the water ! unfortunately she got very old and was unable to get her wish . however a magical pig told her if she released him , she could get back her youth ! [female] immediately released him and she was given her youth forever . [female] has been alive for over 500 years now . she still has n't gone on the water .
we are auctioning these beautiful artworks . check out this one . it just got sold . this one only has one bid so far . this one is my favorite . i already bid on it . this one sucks ass . no bidders .
happy birthday dear ole [male] its been great for the family . [male] blew out the candles and made a perfect great wish . [male] cut the cake and shared it with his great family . the baby got his own special cake since it was his birthday too . after birthday cake it was time to open the gifts .
this nice couple was shopping for real estate . the living room was well staged but a little hard to move around in . the dining room had curtains that did n't match the living room . the basement was partial finished , just perfect for a pool table . it was out in the middle of nowhere , but maybe they would get lucky and gas prices would fall to record lows .
the game did n't start too well for us as we lost a great numbers of balls . we started catching up thanks to our batters skills . our team running abilities also started to make a real difference . the outfielders also picked up the pace before the end of the game . in the end , we won the game by a large margin !
it was very cold that day ice hung from the roof tops and cars covered with ice and snow nobody was going anywhere that day and more snow fell that night
old town location location has finally opened to the public . there is a sombrero drop ride in the parking lot . and a hot tamal 's restaurant for visitors to eat . another option for food is the ice cream shop . a t-shirt shop is also in the parking lot for visitors to shop before leaving .
we went on a drive through the country . and saw beautiful flowers . and more beautiful flowers . and even more beautiful flowers ! then we got to the big house .
sunsets on the island is amazing if you are lucky you will see a pelican most of the time at the marina there is nothing happening even the dog has fun alone the marina shop offers great breakfast
[female] and marissa posing for a picture the water rushed heavily . amish people looked over the falls.. the falls are beautiful , [female] looks happy
time to catch a friend to meet [female] for dinner . lunch was great and the server definitely deserved a great tip . it 's about time to head but first : time for a selfie ! once i step outside , i 'm met by a beautiful scene !
the bar was littered with souls ready to sing along tonight . the drinks were flowing and flowing ... and the band played in the background . there was n't a gloomy picture in the entire room ... and , folks danced the night away .
i stopped in a town that was celebrating their 150th birthday . there was a parde and people brought their livestock . these cats were so funny and they rubbed their costumes against people in the crowd just like real cats . the personnel carrier was a survivor from the location war . the balloon sign was my favorite because a guy was giving away small bags of cotton candy near there .
i recently took a vacation to location . i landed in the location airport because i heard that location has beautiful beaches . the beaches in location did not disappoint . i also took some time to see some of location 's architecture . no vacation is complete without sampling some of the local cuisine .
our family posing at the start of the winery tour . this is an underground aging room for the wine . a cool fountain that was on premise . this tree was so unique that it deserved it 's own picture . some wine aging in barrels in the aging room .
my family and i decided to take a trip into the quaint city . we walked around and enjoyed the many different markets . we were having a great time seeing a city much different from our own . the bread market was my favorite and the rolls were delicious ! i posed in front of my favorite market .
the church was white and there were rocks near . the gate was big and there was a home near that was a cemetery home .
what starts off as a lonely night of gaming . becomes a couple playing together . now , it 's a party ! this is some serious gaming here . time for a coffee run to keep this party going .
the baker made green cake squares . then she continued to make yellow ones . she tried again with pink and white . eventually she even added purple . now she had enough colors to experiment with setting them up in different patterns .
a crowd gathered for a fireworks display . there were classic one-color fireworks . some fireworks were multicolored . another set of fireworks created shapes of light , such as hearts . the crowd enjoyed the display .
the tennis player got ready to serve the ball . the board showed the score of the two players . it was the other player 's turn to serve . she was about to serve the ball . she accidentally fell down mid serve , and had to get help . the court was cleared off for the next match .
this photo of my wedding dress , leaves me speechless . this photo of my husband and i is so unique and special . it looks like we are in a magical city as we experience this magical moment . my husband wanted me to break out in dance , and the photographer took the photo . the moment i am getting ready to walk down the aisle .
my sister and i went camping in location last weekend . she 's not an outdoor person but she handled it pretty well when it started raining . when it started raining , the alligators came up out of the water . one of them bit her foot so they rushed her to the visitor kiosk . lucky for her , she had leather boots on and only got a red mark from the whole ordeal .
what a foggy scene , even nicer to walk in that . the leaves are changing making the walk taken that much more fantastic . passing by what looks like some sort of recreational center . its so nice here , especially in the fall season . getting in the car and driving the roads here is not stressful at all .
the concert goers were ready to get the music started . smoke billowed on stage but no performers showed up . then the lead singer rose from underneath the stage . the crowd went absolutely wild . the concert rocked the park for 3 straight hours .
me and my coworkers decided to try a new resteraunt in town . one of my coworkers said they had some of the best chicken around . the other coworker said they also had the best drinks around . but i was quite happy with my green soup . especially when it 's followed up with ice cream for desert .
the facade of this mansion is beautiful . the nature around it was even more beautiful . it was elegant but also familiar , was the godfather part ii filmed here ? even the water look dazzling , almost surreal . and now i 'm back home in location location , so lame .
it was snowing today . my girlfriend was wearing her fuzzy coat to keep warm on the way to work . we rode a bus there . when we arrived , there was a meeting that had just started . our company needed to write an ad for a floral delivery service .
the road was undergoing a lot of construction . the amount of delays was vast . it made it hard to get through the traffic . the man was getting frustrated . it was doubtful how accurate the signs would be with all the work .
we went to watch a bike race yesterday . the bikes were very sleek and fast looking . we saw the winner cross the finish line . we had a big celebration as the champ got his trophy . at the end , everyone packed up there bike and went home .
it was a calm day at the lake . animals were swimming around . birds were exploring the water . there was n't a single person around . it was a great day out by the lake .
we decided to go for a drive . i liked how the ice stuck to the trees . this field was totally frozen over . the mountain in the distance looked very cold and foreboding . this was the wall in front of someone 's house . i liked this tree the best , looked like the perfect christmas tree !
the batter prepared to swing . the pitcher wound up and threw the ball hard . the player hit the ball and began running as fast as he could . he made it to first base .
[female] is cutting down a tree . they put the tree up and [male] strings the lights . they both have their own stockings . [female] puts the ornament on top of the tree . they both had fun decorating and putting up the tree .
it was almost night time and that meant it was time to have some fun . we are going to the festival today . there are many rides and games as well as other things to see . there were a lot of people there as well . there were many games , all of which i did not do so well at .
the community holds an annual car show , hosted by fellow car enthusiasts . all sorts of cars are on display and everyone enjoys walking around viewing them . some people even show the components and machinery off in their vehicles to represent their hobby . they even have rides to keep the kids entertained so you can bring the whole family along ! at the end , everyone waits around for the finals , where the best cars line up and receive awards .
going to the big circus tonight what fun ! the performers were entertaining to watch taking a break for some carnival snacks yum ! wow , how brave they are to perform this and not be scared . some people were dressed in period costumes .
the city looked beautiful a few hours before the the sun set . one the sun had set the city was illuminated with beautiful lights . the fireworks were now underway . it was a beautiful show and the grand finale was especially great . after the show a cloud of smoke hovered over the illuminated city .
my family is a little bit crazy when it comes to how we live . my uncle lives in a giant metal lunchbox . my own parents lives in an rv they bought in the 1980s . growing up , i used to pretend that this rv was a spaceship . not a bad way to grow up even though i 've never been to space .
easter on the lake was a cold one this year ! the dock was frozen over ! the waves still crashed on the shore , but boy they were cold . inside our warm house , we had our decorations . we painted our eggs as usual . we watched the sun set as we cooked dinner .
the goal was to reach the top of this mountain with group by mid-day . there were about 20 of us following our guide and it was a tough uphill climb at the top , we had a breathtaking view , it 's like we could touch the clouds . we all stopped and had lunch under a large cross near the top . we had a great time wandering around a nearby river and just admiring the scenery .
time to play . then we played some more . this was our frog . and this was our dog . hello to you grandpa !
[male] was in charge of band rehearsal . [male] was not enthusiastic about the band rehearsal . [male] pleaded with everyone to liven up and get ready to rehearse . finally the band started rehearsing and they actually played pretty good . [male] was content with the way the band performed .
the spokesperson from organization had a patch on his jacket . a large screen was above the podium . it showed images from space . there was a close-up of the moon . he later took questions from the audience .
the kids and i went to the carnival . their first stop was the swing ride . next up was the ferris wheel . of course the bumper cars were a hit . we won [male] while playing games . but at the end of the day , the quilt shop was more my speed .
there was a carnival in town today . they even had bands playing . it was fun walking around and seeing everything there . they had a bike show too . it was amazing ! we ended the day with the ferris wheel and we could see the whole park !
[female] and her family went hiking together the took pictures of the beautiful mountains . little [male] wonders around on the mountain top . [female] and her family take a photo atop the mountains . they took one last picture as they headed down .
we went to church and had a great time together . my family went to the church every sunday . we felt closer as a family through the experience . we left the church and went out to eat somewhere . i always felt fulfilled after we went to church .
the local town band starts doing mic checks to test out the equipment . the band starts playing as the singer starts singing . now the singer is really into the performance and starts showing his vocal range . the drummer beats along to the music getting ready for his solo . the crowd cheers on the drummer as he goes off on his drum solo leaving the crowd happy .
they admired the doubledecker bus as they arrived in the streets of location . the guards were in a fuss over their duty and migrated towards the problem . the tower stood in authority against the sky . the black flag was flown to signify the importance of the building . the dining hall was splendid .
the guys from the office went out to lunch on tuesday . the gathered by the tandoori oven for some chicken . they patiently waited while sudhir chatted with the cook . sudhir even had a photo taken with another coworker . later that day , one of the guys had a piece of his birthday cake .
we were so excited about the natural history museam . we got to see all the dinosaur skeletons . then we looked at the polar bear . one of the exhibits showed us how the earth looked millions of years ago . we even got to see a real space shuttle .
they finally arrived and their view before bed was amazing , overlooking the wonderful inlet . they awoke to a koala outside their terrace . it was the first time they had either seen the social koala . they begin their vacation with a lovely hike and a view that many would die to see . including , a viewing o the puffin feeding on the flowers in the woods . after an exhausting day , the couple spent their last night on the beach and enjoyed the sunset before heading home .
it was the unveiling of a new product . the celebrity sponsor was there . and so was her partner . they gave brief speeches . before signing their contracts .
aliens were attacking earth today . everybody was looking in the air scared at all of the aliens the aliens kept attacking earth damaging everything in sight . we tried to destroy the aliens using fireworks ! finally fighting back ! unfortunately it did nothing . earth was destroyed .
everyone was excited to be going on vacation in location . [male] was enjoying the views of the ocean over the railing . [male] was too busy relaxing to visit the beach . we really loved the room we had , the view was spectacular . we decided to head down to the pool to spend the rest of the day .
i am a confident , intelligent and capable board member . i am here to help steer the arts programs in my local city . i go to meetings to help inform the public of events and causes we undertake . keeping the city informed on arts and culture is a fun way to give back . after our presentation we often open the floor to the audience for new ideas on future projects .
the whole family was in the car to go on vacation . we had to stop at the red light . the people were stop in front of us even when the light was green . we saw a big tractor trailer going by . we got to see a train on our vacation .
the guys were waiting for the hosts to seat them at the table . it was a different type of restaurant , where the is already awaiting your arrival . then someone shared a joke about how it was nice for the food to wait on people for a change . not everyone agreed that this was a good technique . then one guy pointed out that they were seated at the wrong table .
you could see the devastation the tornado left in it 's wake driving through the small town . you can see electrical lines destroyed . boats barely standing up . cars piled on top of each other . and houses torn apart .
the day was cold but the snow was lovely ! this little guy clearly enjoyed himself . it was a lot of fun sledding about . and everyone loves making snow angels . this one turned out really well !
all of his pictures were protected . lately people had been bitching about his obvious watermark . regardless of if they had paid or he just took a random picture of some street , he put his mark on it . he took a random picture of some graffiti and that artist had signed his work . the good ones all did , so why should n't he ?
they prepared christmas dinner for everyone . the food was almost ready to be served . then they decorated the christmas tree . after the presents were opened , they put them together in the living room . at the end of the night , everyone was ready for bed .
we went for a girls day at the beach , first pick out the chairs . it was quite as we arrived as we looked for a spot to set up . slowly one by one we saw people come to the beach . it was a fun day as the tourists began to fill the ocean side . we gave up the chairs and wandered onto the sand to join in with the crowd . a good day was had by all .
we visited location location to see the sites . we stopped off first to get some we sat down in a nice tiny restaurant . the food we ordered was amazing . we finished up eating and headed out .
eating at yen ching 's is always a feast for the eyes , as well as the stomach . kimchi , which is pickled cabbage , has become one of my favorites . i am always amazed how they get this napa cabbage salad to stand up like this . they make a dish with sautee 'd ramen noodles that is delicious ! i never would have though of having tiny spears of cucumber before dessert , but it really cleanses your palate !
my brother and i pose for my birthday party . check out those eyes ! always game for fun , we tease my big brother . still in the spirit , it 's now time to unwrap the mound of presents . this cake is cool , simple and looking delicious . the cake is lit up like a forest fire . this will be a challenge to blow the candles out in one try .
today we took the train into the city . we hung out at the amusement park . we saw a freak show . we even got to try on the performers ' costumes . we made sure to take lots of group photos .
the old structures stood tall , as the couple explored the ruins . they looked at the pieces at all angles , seeing so many sides to the story . they gazed out at the water , wondering what life was like here so long ago . not all of it was in great shape , they noted , some did see the test of time . but in general , the couple was very impressed with the ability of the architecture to stand up to time .
a family traveled to the park for some afternoon fun . the daughters danced together on the grass . the son was quite good and got a high-five from mom . dad then tried to teach his daughter to ballroom dance . sibling rivalries were erased by the end and by the fun of outdoor dancing .
there was so much eat at easter . we had chocolate easter eggs . and chocolate covered sticks . and candy from around the world . and powder covered beignets .
i had a lot of work to do today . there was so much digging that needed to be done . we brought in a specialist . he knew exactly what to do . after a few hours we were done .
the snow did n't stop the athletes from competing in a bike race on that cold morning . their determination helped them overcome the obstacles . men and women participated , encouraged by the crowd cheering . while some biked , others preferred playing in the snow . whether on bike , skis , playing or running , everyone seemed to enjoy a wonderful day .
our trip to the art museum . this represents the state of our country ... maybe . in a museum , it 's art . still looks like smut to me . yes , that is organization 's . not really sure what this is supposed to be . i think i saw this at the discount store .
[female] and [male] were planning a trip . they rented a motor home and headed west . they saw the famous hollywood sign , and location . but both of them loved something even more . the loved location location location location best .
we saw people dressed up . some people had funny looking wigs . others were dressed up as [male] and luigi . we saw a van covered in stickers . we kept walking on the street .
everyone had to put on floatation devices to go out on the boats . [female] was excited to paddle out into the water . she even had water shoes for the event . [female] and [male] had a lot of fun on the water . everyone was all smiles as they floated along on the lake .
a photographer spent her day in a nature preserve looking for new subject to photograph . she found many beautiful landscapes to photograph . there were also many interesting plants to capture . beautiful flowers bloomed and made the perfect subjects . overall she found many wonderful things to take pictures of .
this festival is popular in the town . people of all ages paint their faces for the festival . this guy is dressed as a popular character . these people are dressed as headless ghosts . this kids dressed up in a traditional character for the festival .
the emergency workers responded to a call at a highway construction site . traffic was mostly unaffected by the accident . the construction workers were forced to move their vehicles off the road . the work continued into the early night . the damaged vehicle was not still not removed at this point .
i set out tonight to have some fun at the bar . you gon na drink all those missy ? dont worry i can help you out . i gave the pole a shot but this is why im not a stripper . i decided to relax awhile on the dance floor but i can still dance a little . the bar was packed and in all it was a good night with friends .
this weekend we visited a cemetery . we saw many old , worn out graves . we were at organization 's burial lot , which is beautiful in the fall . there were many american flags strewn about . i even found my great , great grandfather 's grave !
we tried out a new restaurant today . they had really bizarre food . but it was pretty tasty they even had this weird grape cocktail . but it was really good . everyone seemed to have a great time . except when we realized we all forgot our wallets ... i suppose we need to clean the dishes to pick up the tab now..
the ribbon cutting ceremony was underway . the ceremony included a dedication of a plaque . the foreman spoke briefly about the project . the organizers discussed the event . after the ceremony concluded , the organizers took information and talked with attendees .
family day at the beach . the family is setting up the tent . time to eat lunch before going swimming . swimming the the ocean . the kids are tired and are taking a nap on their way back home .
the seafood was battered lightly and delicately . the crab was friend to a golden brown . we played games with the fried crab and had fun . the chef was doing an excellent job that day . we all shared the meal together at the table .
[male] poses for a picture with his son [male] on his birthday . [male] and his family go for a family walk in the neighborhood [female] taking a picture with davids daughter dawn . [male] 's 30th birthday cake . [male] celebrating the first 30 years of his life with his family !
they went to a sushi restaurant to celebrate her promotion . everyone enjoyed the food and conversation . it was a noisy gathering , with lots of happy chatter . she was very pleased with everyone showing up in her honor . her boyfriend was very proud of her .
the club was dark , but fun that night . the music was being played loud . the dj was real good . the building was very large . we all had a good time .
it was a cold winter night but i could n't sleep . i walked around the local lake and soaked up the scenery . the barren trees in the moonlight were haunting . and as the morning ushered the night out , an eerie fog rolled in . it all culminated in a dreary day .
the family decided it was a great day to spend at the lake . they had a boat in a rented slip there . they took fishing gear . although not everyone had their swimsuits , they still enjoyed the sun and beautiful sky . afterward , the entire family enjoyed a cook out in the back yard .
the girls took a trip this weekend to the fair . they met a met a friendly porker while there . he convinced them to buy some funnel cakes . they did not hesitate , and there were plenty to go around . everyone agreed that the funnel cakes were a highlight of the experience .
we stayed close by this weekend with a day trip . there 's so much to see not far from home . this lighthouse has tons of history but is still in use . i ca n't believe i 've never been here before and it 's only car ride away . we will return soon to enjoy these stunning views .
the house was lit up for christmas . the family awoke early in the morning to beautiful snow . everything was covered in a blanket of snow . they all went outside to play and explore . at the end of the day they all cuddled up , cozy in the cabin
it was a long hike through the scenic country side to get to the ruins . the first building we saw as we headed into the ruins . it was the most complete of the ruins . the amphitheater was very hard to recognize from the road because of how low the seats were . there was a local cat that was there , watching us as we looked around . once we got back , we checked out the market to pick up some rugs .
[female] was doing a photo shoot for a magazine . she had many years of experience . she posed for these pictures the professional she was . even her little dog got into the action . she is just a natural when it comes to posing for pictures and she wraps up the shoot with this picture .
the band was warming up . the drummer was playing as good as ever had . finally they started the first song . the guitarist played an amazing solo . and they ended the show with a members daughter singing .
the chinese dragon was used on new years . this is a chinese umbrella used to shield against uv rays . the budda statue gives happiness . the pink peony is beautiful and compliments the room . the yellow flower carries delicate petals .
me and my brother took a trip to the carnival today . there were quite a few rides but the rollercoaster was our favorite this one was looked fun but i had no idea what it was . the big spin was a blast as well and almost made me puke . took one last picture of this funny fish face before leaving .
the beach at the resort we stayed at for the week . the lifeguard on duty made us feel safe ... but the police boat always watching made us nervous . this was our transportation one day . the bus was so old . trippy hallway we went down to get to the airplane to go home .
the entrance way to the building was very inviting . there were all these little papers hanging on the tree . i found out later that they were wishes that people had placed there . the dragon was supposedly going to grant your wishes . it was a very detailed dragon with a lot of powers , i guess .
visiting the garden . and picking up tomatoes . sassy the cat on the porch . going for an afternoon walk through the woods . preparing and drinking fruit cocktails .
we took a trip to the old cemetery to see the grave stones . the grave stones look like they had been there a really long time . then we saw a plaque that gave some information about the burial plot . after that we came to a grave that had an american flag on it . one of the graves was extremely old .
it is important to make a big impression on a first date . i recommend starting with the caviar as an appetizer . followed by a delicious seafood entree . do not forget the spectacular view ! stay for coffee dessert and conversation . a home run evening !
this community is has gone through some hard times . they have hand built their homes with what little they had . there schools were so empty that many classrooms could be put into one . sometimes teachers would not even care about the money as long as they could educate the kids . the kids taught today are the leaders of our future and they are happy with what they have .
our family trip around location was so awesome ! we saw many wild animals , including big crocodiles . the historical sites were interesting . there were so many things to see , it was hard choosing ! finally we went back to the airport to go home .
the beach provided such a relaxing scenery . at the beach there was a tent selling various trinkets . there was an old sign that read `` welcome to cascreole tree house restaurant . '' the women took a picture by a poster that had a beer on it . the family got together after a long day apart .
they brought the girls to [male] e cheese they enjoyed the ride with chucky . [female] really loved playing air hockey . she wanted a teletubby but the ones she wanted could n't be bought or moved . the girls and all their friends ended the day with cake and food .
a large crowd turned out for the location state fair . games and rides were abundant for kids and adults alike . some fair goers came dressed up for the festivities . others came less dressed to soak in the sun . on this ride you can see the entire fair and the massive amount of people .
i went on a trip to location last fall . there was a creek running through the city . down the only street in the city was one large building . because its the fall , none of the trees have leaves , making gorgeous shadows on the ground . i became friends with a duck , i call him [male] , who was always in the creek .
seeing one of our favorite musicians play onstage . play a duet , they really sound great . she plays the guitar so well , seeing her was a real treat . jamming out on the guitar for the crowds enjoyment . we even got to see somebody play the violin .
they were great statues outside the academy many were attending a graduation the man gave an emotional speech and paid tribute to the armed forces with many more statues outside of the building
our vacation in paradise started with beautiful weather . i strutted my new beachwear while we strolled the beach . we made our way to the concert at the big tiki . it was good music . then at night time they set up the stage for the fire dancers . after that we spent the whole rest of the vacation evenings lying on the beach watching the sun set .
my band was getting ready for our concert . we had the piano nearly set up . ringo was warming up on the drums . and [male] was testing the sound system . the concert hall was no location location house or organization organization , but it was ours .
got together with a group pf friends for a bike ride . the scenery was beautiful and calming . it 's so peaceful biking down the road with the wind at your face . we passed a car accident , hope everyone was okay ! overall it was a great day to ride with friends .
gone are the days when peeps only came in yellow . now they are available with a dark chocolate coating . you can hold a peep in your hand . inside you will find the familiar yellow . chocolate covered peeps are doubly delicious .
location town has many different things happening . funny balloons with cartoons on them . great black and white pictures . places to worship . and a exciting nightlife .
we had a little shoot out for my wife 's birthday this week . there was plenty of beer for everyone . we set up an elaborate shooting range for my wife , and gave her the gun , loaded with explosive rounds as a joke . she shot and blew up the whole range , it scared her really bad !
the coach lets the team know how proud of them he is . the assistant coach helps hand out medals . after getting their medals the team poses for a group picture . after the boys change out of their uniforms the trophies are given out . lastly , the coach hands out the trophy for the mvp .
it was christmas eve . there were a lot of fun ornaments on the tree . the family enjoyed decorating the tree every year . the last ornament went on the top of the tree . all the kids went to bed hoping that location would n't skip their house .
[female] is really enjoying her dinner at the new restaurant . does n't her dish look yummy ? yes it does ! [male] decided to try something new . ca n't tell if he likes it or not . what do you think ? looks like tomato soup to me . how sweet ! [female] is sharing her dinner with [male] . they are just too cute .
this is the panorama of the landscape we hiked through . it was a dry desert but the path was n't rough at all . a pond in the middle of the desert ? please do n't let it be a mirage ! this crafty little bobcat is thinking we 're his next meal . we made it through the hike and get to see the beautiful country atop the hill .
the family arrived at their beach for their vacation . jenn was the most excited . the four of them spent a lot of quality time together . the view was absolutely breathtaking . jenn and her husband [male] celebrated their love and happiness .
i went to look at a bike for sale . it had great details like chrome handle brakes . the tire has a stripe of green . i could tell it was a well made bike , one that was very expensive originally . it was lightweight even though it was a performance bike . i decided not to buy it in the end , because it was too expensive , but i took a long last look at it .
we went sightseeing at the coolest place this weekend . it had really high cliffs with different layers of rock . and caves that we could explore ! along the trail there were boards that told us more about the area . we learned a lot and had a great time !
i purchase several yards of yarns like this . this one is a lion 's color . the pink one i bought will be used for a baby girl 's girft . orange sherbet was what i thought of when i picked this one . this multicolored yarn gives me so many ideas . wow , i did n't think that i would go overboard with buying yarn !
we drove to the park and ride to take the train to the shore . the train was on time , as usual . the shore was peaceful , and the mountains were still snowcapped . several boats were in the water , that was surprising in the cool air . more boats were anchored at the shore , waiting there for their owners to take them back out to the sea .
today we arrived at the hotel . we had a nice evening once we settled in . through our window while having cocktails we noticed a great surprise . the sky started to flicker and change different colors . there were fountain fun-dip fireworks , [female] rainbow blasters , and organization organization lighting up the sky . we enjoyed the show for a great part of the night right from the window . it went on for several hours . the show finally came to a close at midnight at which time we were ready to head to bed . what a bonus ! we got to see a free show right from the hotel .
today was the day . the big trip . there were buildings . crowded public places . and a fountain .
the city truly had an amazing skyline . that night the family went out to see the fireworks . they were only a few hundred feet away . and truly amazing too watch . everyone had a great time there .
[female] was ecstatic about her birthday gift . her sister did not know what was going on . it was time to light the candles . [female] blew them out in two puffs . she then saw her next gift , a personalized purse .
a group of bikers enjoy a ride on the road . they are having a great time seeing scenery and getting exercise . they are properly wearing helmets as well as bike riding outfits . even though the ride is hard it is very enjoyable . there is a straggler bringing up the rear but he is enjoying himself as well .
the house was decorated and ready for the holidays . we had a bit of a mess to clean up after wrapping gifts . we were tired , though , so we decided to rest on the couch first . afterwards , everyone helped out making dinner . once dinner was over , we all got to work cleaning up the mess we had made .
the building was dirty but the guy took a photo near it . the hotel was large and had a casino that had pretty lights .
life is good the children are enjoying visiting grandma . here are the kids with auntie [female] . she made an early visit . the grand parents taking a time out . here is hubby hanging out at sister maries in her work out area . [male] boy hanging out with aunt [female] looks like he found something to occupy himself .
the park bench faced a lovely view . the parking lot was spacey and not very full . the building was painted white and had several stories . we enjoyed the area near the shore . in the helicopter , we were able to take a sky picture .
we always enjoy a ball game at the field . nothing like a day in the sun watching the game . my wife is a big fan of the mascot . they seemed to spend a lot of time together ... but i got into the picture as well .. i 'm on the right . the tall guy is yet another mascot . my wife is a mascot magnet ! the game was great . the kids had a fantastic time and our guys won . we always have a fun time cheering them on . the other team did n't stick around after we won big ! maybe next time .
standing on the rocks saying hi to the camera . spotted an interesring looking snail , it was a greeish yellowish color . the grass was filled with purple and yellow flowers . even found some crystals forming on the side of a rock . this scene is completely breathtaking , i do n't ever want to leave .
this group of friends went on vacation together . while there they celebrated one of their birthdays . the next morning we took him out for a milkshake . then we went to the beach . last but not least , we went on this really fun ride where we all strapped in and swung around .
the location location happened this week . it was a huge event with tons of different costumes and participants gallivanting throughout the streets . some were a bit liberal with their costumes . others were a bit more rambunctious . the parade turned party that lasted well into the night .
picture of two boys doing a cool handshake and showing of tattoos . skating and doing tricks . picture of best friend having fun . the kids are seating down and listening to instructions . kid taking a picture with older brother and showing of his arm .
leave it to mom to set herself up for one of my photos ! not sure how this invention would work , but it made a great photo ! i love taking photos of neon signs - this one is so cool with the steam or cloud floating off it ! sometimes the simplest photos are the best ! after a hard day as a photographer , nothing better than a selfie with my bff !
chickens my parents raise on our property.we gather eggs so we do n't have to buy them anymore . beautiful farm ! this i a view of my parents farm from the fields . even though train tracks are dangerous we spent sometime walking down them. got ta love the summer . my friends and i hung out in our pool all day.it was so hot and this was great way to cool off . [female] and i cheesiness and pictures do n't match..lol got ta love her , she 's my best friend .
easter is a great time of year especially at the mall there are so many things to look at . like the incredible eggs they go all the way down the mall
getting ready for the first serve . advertisment sign at the match . i 'm about to return the serve but i injure myself when i return the serve . saying goodbye to the tennis court on my way out .
the onlookers were lined up and watching . the first of the black african queens in the parade was coming down the street . beforehand the ladies had a great time . they helped each other dress up and get ready for the parade . this queen did n't look so happy or excited . she was playing the part well of a mean african queen . the outfits all looked glamorous . and everyone was enjoying the parade . the final queen was dressed in an extravagant red outfit . she waved and threw candy out to the kids watching .
the trip to location was very interesting . there was so many interesting sculptures . it was fun to watch the kids play on the sidewalk . the architecture was outstanding . location even had pretty flowers .
the family took a trip out on their boat . even the little children came . they went tubing in the lake . four people were able to fit on the tube at once . grandma takes a turn swimming with the little one .
nice home for sale with a gorgeous pool has a wonderful large bedroom with a good view out the windows large bathroom with walk in shower lovely upstairs and down stairs living room i think its a good offer for this home
the sky was fair with lots of clouds , when we played outside . my friend , [female] , getting ready to hit the ball . [female] 's brother [male] is playing this game for the first time . this is the view of our deck with all the planted flowers . my older cat , bubbles , looking for a bug in the grass .
a house with a lake in front it . a lake with the sun shinning in it . a long road to a little city . a forest and the leaves are on the ground . a duck in the lake .
we 're a seaside community . most of us have grown up in the same homes all our lives . we do n't stray far from town . only forty-one people have tried to leave here . it was n't good .
we got our baby was getting ready for her first day swimming in the pool . i held my baby in the water and she really loved it . she floated in an inner tube in her cute pink bathing suit . after our swim , my wife held our baby and we relaxed . our baby had a great first day swimming !
we all had a great time skiing . there were many warning signs on the ski slope . we took some silly pictures . the views were great from the top . i hope we can go back next year .
it 's time to go to the russian museum . we had to stop to get ear wax removal first . here 's the placard and ... ... what 's left of the museum . we said screw it and went for dinner .
such a wonderful place to be ! this design looks just amazing ! so much beauty in one picture ! this was a great place to park ! what a gorgeous design !
the old fireplace had so much potential ! here are all the supplies i needed to restore it to it 's former beauty . i just love these design features ! i love the ribbon motif ! there was a lot of water damage from the flooding , as you can see here .
we went to the cafe today . while at the cafe we ran into [female] . [female] told us she just got engaged . [male] , the man that [female] got engages to was there at the cafe as well . we mentioned the marriage and [male] started joking about being cultured since he was almost a married man .
we took a helicopter tour over the city today . we flew right over the lake . [male] 's favorite part was seeing the baseball game from high up . i liked seeing the fountains . the nightlife we saw at the end of our tour was the best .
my family went to location for a summer vacation . my children really loved the arcade downtown . there were funny mirrors in the halls of the arcade my son liked to take pictures at . we walked to the pier to get a better view of the light house looking out on location location . my daughter wanted to stop at the huge anchor for a picture on our way to the light house .
we went on a train to visit a local place . we got off the stop and looked around the city . we hung around a famous fountain . we decided to check out the local temple . we took a photo of the city 's most famous statue as our final stop .
we went out around town to see the sites . we started near the center where there was a clock we could reference for location . we sat around there for a bit and planned a route . we first stopped by a farris wheel for the kids . the stopped off for some ice cream .
we took a drive to the beach one day . when we got there , the scenery was gorgeous . the lighthouse was so picturesque ! the bluffs we also witnessed were amazingly beautiful . they overlooked the gorgeous beach , too !
we decided to go to town and stop by a new pub for lunch . we looked over the menu while we waited for the server . there was a large selection to pick from and everything sounded good . we got an an appetizer and it was very hot when it came to the table . there were three different types of dipping sauce and they all were great !
the wedding starts in the mountains . the chapel is a huge wooden building . the wedding is on a bridge they watch the fish on the bridge they look at the beautiful rocks after
everyone loved the restaurant location i picked out for the birthday dinner . we enjoyed their delicious pizzas so much . the dessert options were incredible and we all gobbled them down . the birthday cake came after we were done eating and they even had a lit candle on the cake . the birthday boy was very pleased with the dinner i put on in his honor .
[male] was in location to see the sites . he took a picture of this beautiful looking building . next he made his way to the next building . he asked someone to take a picture of him in front of it . at last it was time to leave and go home .
we traveled the long road . we got to see the mini castle . they had ancient artifacts . some were of greek origin . we have to return because there was so much to see .
it is christmas finally , our tree is not really that great . time to open up some presents , what a mess we have made . everyone is having a good time today . time to start cooking for everyone . nice end to the day eating a nice meal .
what a perfect day for a ballgame ! i love herky the mascot ! [male] smith hit a ball out of the park ! it was the final run of the game ! we won the game 12 to 6 ! what a day ! good memories were made at location location today . ca n't wait to come back !
today we did a tour of church 's this one had many beautiful stained glass windows here 's another photo of the windows the shape of this church is very unique here 's a photo of the other side
[male] and [female] had a wonderful christmas with their family . their tree reached almost to the ceiling , and they had decorated it beautifully . the candles gave the room a warm and inviting appearance . [female] made a delicious dinner , including fresh location sprouts . everyone enjoyed relaxing and just spending time together . merry christmas !
they threw a dinner party at their house . the turn out of guests was pretty good . after dinner they talked and played games . once a few drinks were served there was even dancing . the friends had a great time dancing the night away .
let 's go on a walk through the snowy woods with mom and dad . the way in is so mysterious and pretty . mom and dad know the way , you could get easy lost in all the trees . i like the trees , the branches criss cross everywhere . they give a unique cover to the place . mom brought special seeds to attract the birds . they come to her like cinderella . we got to lead the way back , we had to search the snow for the trail and our footprints .
small coastal towns have a lot of beauty if you look closely . the homes here are more modest in size . rock formations are peppered along the coastline . they are visually appealing , but make swimming dangerous . though it was a cloudy day , we still got a lot of nice pictures . it 's so relaxing to sit on the park bench and look out over the water .
there are many interesting things to do in my home town , like riding the monorail . we have a baseball field which is a big attraction . tourists like to ride the cable cars . every year there 's a huge boat race . most popular of all is the location location !
the boys caught in mid air jumping off the old bridge . [male] got the highest of any of the jumpers . the town hall looked really cool with the clouds and lighting . mom sitting down to get some coffee . our canoe sitting in the driveway ready to be loaded onto the car .
yesterday my family and i joined before sunset to watch fireworks . we picked a spot right by the lake . the reflection of the fireworks on the water was beautiful . i think we will pick this spot again next year . it was a great fourth of july .
these were some shots i grabbed during a parade . the people in the city looked so happy . everyone getting wet by the hoses . it felt great in the hot weather . the signs were really inspirational . the game is ready to begin !
hi , i 'm dallen . i 'm aspiring to be a model . everything i do , i do it with grace ... i do it with style . i might be sitting here on this porch , but i do it while looking cool ... even on laundry day , i do n't just wear my grungy clothes . i rock my grungy clothes ! yes , i 'm dallen . hit me up some time .
mom and dad are taking the kids to see the christmas tree everyone is sitting in around and talking the christmas tree was such a beautiful sight after the viewing of the tree . they took us to the arcade to play some game we then went outside as they were putting my the big christmas tree
friends getting together to take a picture . these men are having a conversation . everyone is talking to each other , and being social . possibly people are writing their numbers down on paper . two women heavily engaged in talking .
nature is a very beautiful thing . as a nature photographer [male] has a good eye for beautiful scenery . he photographs a rock wall . he also photographs a tree and it 's roots . but nathans favorite thing in nature to photograph is flowers .
today i went the the organization conference today it was nice to go to a event centered around latin americans we all got to talk to each other and share advice a couple people got to make some serious business contacts afterwards we all took a photo i cant wait till next year to go back
a snowy day makes for a gray sky . friends gather for pizza and drinks . a friend brings her baby to the table and shows off . pictures of the family are taken to remember the evening . deserts are served and eaten by the kids .
the birthday celebration began with a group photo at the restaurant . they brought out a cake for the birthday boy . the next morning , it was time to head to the beach , but not before some coffee . at the beach , everyone had a great time building sand castles . that night , they did some night swinging . it was a new attraction at the beach , where you get swung through the air as a group by a long bungee cord .
it was an overcast day at the beach but the waves were perfect for a day of surfing . he studied the ocean and picked out the area he wanted to surf . they headed out to conquer the waves . after a light rain a beautiful rainbow appeared in the sky . the guys decided to make the most of the weather and surf until dark .
a brown , white and purple cake is the desert of choice at the gathering . guests sat at white tablecloth tables and ate their dinner . many people enjoyed the chocolate fountain . a guest speaker stole the show before the cake was served . kids and adults danced after dinner .
she was amazed at how red the room was . he was not amused about her observations . there third friend suggested they drink . the beautiful scenery was amazing . fun was had by all the friend .
the people are gathering for the parade . the fire truck is coming through . the parade is over . they are celebrating independence day together . and later fired fireworks in the sky .
this is the building i am trapped in , but i have a plan to escape . with no guards around , i 'm climbing out of my window to freedom ! i camouflaged a car with sticky notes so i can escape easier and faster . first place i stop was a dessert place that serves my favorite dish . after that , i 'll travel through the night to wherever i want to go next .
we made it to the festivities where there is plenty of food to choose from . she really seemed to like the taste of this . the taste of this deep fried candy bar really brought a smile to his face . there were many different things to enjoy . every once in a while we would just sit down and talk .
the famous race track always has visiting drivers attempting to race each other . some drivers just like going around the track . other drivers attempt to drive the track going the wrong way . one after another , drivers go around the race track , pretending to live out their long held dreams . i suppose there is nothing wrong with motorcyclists racing too .
the family home was a colonial style . it had long pathways into the forest . they could see fields were great battles had once been fought . often , tourists would come by . the views were magnificent .
robot building party with friends . the instructions to draw and build the robot . happy birthday song and cake cutting time . after cutting the cake we went back to our activities . finally finished the robots , time to race .
crappy looking day is perfect for surfing . check out that swell . let 's get out there ! beautiful double rainbow . a good sign for some good surf . here we go !
the office halloween party had some hot guys including this one as a vampire . this one as a cute monster was very hot . then hears a woman dressed up as catwoman . they took their fun outside . the youngest worker was there as well !
this is some amazing art work . the person who created this sculpture is very creative . interesting use of clay and general design . it looks like these people are flying . this reminded me of me and my mom holding me tight .
it 's a fun time for this young boy as he leaps off the diving board into the backyard swimming pool ! a young girl holds on to her float as she hangs out in the whirlpool with her grandfather . dad is shown with his daughters in the whirlpool as he helps one put on her arm flotation devices . two young kids gaze at each other across the bubbling water in a whirlpool . grandma is all grins as she holds her granddaughter after a day of swimming .
the stuffed head of this 8 point buck has watched over many parties here . two girls are dressed to party , but each has a concession to staring warm with gloves for one and a sweater for the other . while the guys are dressed to their necks , the ladies are showing some skin . the guy in the middle catches an ogle of nearby cleavage . as her jacket opens , the looks at her decolletage have become more obvious . the 8 point buck has watched another evening .
looks like a good olfashioned get together with friends . these two are king , and queen of the evening . i have no idea what this is on the tip of his finger , looks like a bug . there are all sorts of toy animal figures in the food . this was some wild fun scene to be apart of .
the giant stick man will conquer all the humans . he stands mightily on his mound of pixels . this forceful center is the source all of his power . all hail the giant stick creature ! it is really just atoll created by this girl .
the family went to the stadium to watch the game . the family got to watch the players enter the field . the child thought the stadium seats were fun to play with . in the stadium there were lots of people and advertisements . at the end of the game they had stunning fireworks .
shrines are a major part of asian life . many shrine visitors write wishes and prayers on little pieces of paper , and then they tie those pieces of paper to tree branches around the shrine . they pray to the gods of the shrine to fulfill their hopes and dreams .
the concert started in the afternoon . while waiting for music to start there were hot air balloons on display . a singer took the stage . she was followed by a guitarist . they joined each other on the stage and had a few songs together .
i have a friend from college who has been and architect for over 25 years now and he used to show me pictures of old gothic cathedrals and i always thought that i would like to incorporate some of these features into my own home should i have the means one day . i also love the old clock spires of yesterday and i have often stared in wonder at how they managed to build them with out modern building techniques and equipment . even such things as indoor and outdoor lighting sconces and lantern holders are pieces of art to be admired today . the history of warfare and how they built walls and castles in the old days , to defend against their enemies , is a science still studied today in our modern day military schools like location location . brick was not just a vernier outside layer back in the old days because that was mostly all they had to fortify against cannon fire and even trebuchet attack and even this arch is an amazing feet for the time requiring great skill and knowledge gained from the past .
chrissie took her friend to the zoo . there were n't a lot of visitors this early in the day . however , all the animals were out including this cute meerkat . the flamingos were dancing about . and this pelican was cleaning his previous meal off his feather.s
we are going on a trip . we waited for the train . the bus station at our destination was busy . when we arrived there was snow . we had fun !
[female] and [female] , who have been best friends since 2nd grade , decide to go on vacation together . while traveling they see many amazing sights . they also meet many interesting people . they immerse themselves in the local culture and activities . finally , they get on the bus and head back home .
the men dressed in old war uniforms . the women are dressed up in different colored dresses . this is the birthday girl . she wore orange . her closest friends wore purple . the girls she did n't like had to wear the blue dresses of shame .
it 's girls night out on the town and they are having a blast . this girl just bought something was majorly funny . the chefs have fired up the grill and plan to make an amazing dinner . the bride to be is excited after dinner as its her time to shine . the ladies are all packed after dinner and ready for a crazy night out .
today was the day the family learned some american history at college creek . they had replicas of everything , ready for a reenactment at the drop of a hat . i love the way the grass was cut , it looked like there were tiny rows in the lawns . there was n't any water around , so they built a replica of a ship that was used during the time , but a little smaller . last of all , we got to see some of the guns that were used buy the revolutionaries !
what is this going to be , an industrial building of some sort ? this is a more scenic view , with the huge tower in the background . a view from the bridge towards our destination - almost there ! i thought we would never arrive . oh , will this road never end ?
there was a farm to table event at the organization organization . locals could see what was available in their own community . there was a lot of information about homesteading . one farmer showed the benefit of fresh eggs from her chickens . see how the yolk rises higher and is a deeper color ?
we ate breakfast and decided to make a fun lunch . we decided to make the meal from scratch and by ourselves . it was messy and dirty work , but sister was up to the task . the ingredients came together . we were all starting to get hungry . when we were done we had made a wonderful and tasty meal .
we took a lovely trip to location last summer and had such a wonderful time . the lighthouses in the ocean are so charming that it kind of makes me want to live here . the seagulls can be a problem though , so keep your eyes open . we even took a ride on a horse drawn carriage to our lovely hotel - now giddy-up , [male] . of course , our hotel had a breathtaking view , as does everything else here .
for summer we went to location location which is a neat park . there were many neat looking things to see . there was a place to get hot tamales which were delicious ! we got ice cream next , considering the tamales were so hot . afterwards we got t-shirts and decided that we were done for the day !
i took a photo of her shoulder . then a shot of the bus stop . there was a flower . it was red . then it got really dark .
they decided to go to the art museum . they enjoyed this type of art . it was very unique . many people came out that day to enjoy the exhibits . there were many different genres that were covered . this was the last painting they saw . it was beautiful but kind of creepy .
after a long bus ride we finally reached the city . it was a beautiful place . they had man unique and interesting shops . i had a great time there . at night we would to a restaurant and order food .
i took the fenced line footpath to the fair . they had a beautiful ferris wheel there . i went inside the exhibition hall and rode the escalator down . i had to buy a token to get in . the displays were all about city planning to improve the city .
it is going to be a great day today , up bright and early . we are taking a road trip , time to cross the bridge . we are headed over to go for a nice hike . we made it pretty high up , what a great view . it is getting a bit cloudy , we can even see the clouds over the hills .
gesse can be annoying some times . this goose is named [male] . he is a fixture at this lake . whenever people come around [male] always wants to say hi . [male] wants to go inside .
it 's time to go for a walk ! i 'm exploring my new surroundings . i 'm taking in some fresh air and sunshine . time to look out over the bridge and survey everything . i had so much fun on my walk but now it 's time to head home .
the day started at home , like any other . but then everyone started to get excited . we could n't wait to leave . hit the road and head toward the wilderness . and we were all jumping for joy when we finally arrived at our destination .
on the side of this building they are planning on building a beautiful mural design . they have begun to put the mural together . with each passing day , more and more work is done on it . all the pieces for the mural are finally glued together . the finished picture looks great on the side of the building .
we 're off to location for the day but first - breakfast . and what better way to start the day than with bacon and fried potatoes . my arteries might not love it but my belly is in heaven ! bacon 's ready and the family raids the kitchen . wow , look how much bacon my sister has grabbed . save some for the rest of us ! we catch the ferry and i hang out on the top deck to watch the waves with my brother . the motion of the ocean does n't seem to be agreeing with him . he looks quite green . i make sure i 'm not standing downwind ... getting off of this thing is going to be a real pain . look at all these cars . but we 're in location at last . a quick photo with the boys on deck before we leave . look out location , he we come !
the man went to the skating rink by himself . then he began to walk around the city . the monuments of the city took him away . he felt alone on this night the wonders of the city always made him get over his loneliness .
i was n't happy about the discount tree my brother got for christmas . at least the toy truck was n't made in some factory in location . though the sight of the tree did n't please our dog . she just slept at its gaze . i 'm not even sure why he got my nephew a book of rupert , he does n't even like rubert . and now he 's crying outside . what a lousy christmas .
what a long day of sitting and watching a lecture today . getting ready to take a tour around and see the sights . what an interesting lecture organization gave today . the grounds are so well kept . finally it 's over , getting ready to go .
i tipped the statue on accident . i looked at it closely to see if it was broken . it was not broken so i stood up . i glanced at it to make sure it looked right . the hand seemed to be disfigured .
today i hung up the bird feeder . my brother came over with his hair in a unique style . my dad and neice stopped by and hungout on the back pourch . we all gathered to have some wine . my brother then fell asleep in a hammock .
the city was very scary at night with just a few lamps lighting it . we made our way to the marina to the waiting cruise ship . it was on the water and lit . we got on board . it took us on a tour of the waterfront .
the kids were excited for the start of [female] camp . they eagerly met knew kids , and instantly became best friends with them . they learned how to dance at camp , and they loved dancing with the other kids .
i thought i was just going to these buildings . but then al , of the people came . it looked like they were selling something . in fact they were , i was so caught off guard . i gots to buy all of the lively things . i am happy !
we went to the airport to watch the fireworks this year . there was a jumbo television there where entertainers sang . visions of the country accompanied the fireworks , too . they even broadcast the military at attention and the national anthem played . the patriotic finale came with broadcast images of the flag waving as the fireworks faded away .
sometimes you just need to get away for the weekend . this is what we called home for a weekend . it had everything you could ask for . especially peace and quite . there was plenty of delicious food . our furry friend particularly enjoyed our little getaway .
i start my perfect burrito with white rice . i then top it with lots of beans . the next topping is shredded pork . i do love a hot green salsa next . finally , some fresh cilantro makes the perfect last ingredient .
the park 's center resembled a stately house . there were stone steps on pathways . many acres of green space was present . different trails existed for different interests . a lake stood in the middle of wild preserves .
they visited the temple to take in some local culture they visited the beach and enjoyed the beautiful sunset . the family took a boat to their favorite vacation spot . they played on the beach together . eventually it was time to return home .
the woman was a collector of postage stamps . she had many different ones in her collection . she mostly looked for ones from foreign countries . she had some that were vintage . she also bought new ones .
on my trip in location , we took the tram . there were a lot of signs . in this city , we loved the statues ! the architecture was amazing , too . a lot of the statues were beautiful .
i spent most of the summer training to become a chef . based on the emptiness of the plates , i think i 'm doing a pretty good job . making a good meal always start with picking the best , freshest ingredients . i bought many of my ingredients from the local organization organization . my mentor , chef bartuli , taught me so much in so little time .
as we arrived at the museum , i could n't help but be awed at the scale of the extraordinary architecture . inside was cozy and crowded , with a sculpture pointing the way to the artifact room . my girlfriends and i blushed politely at the nude , bronze adonis , arms outstretched , and rocking his lack of modesty . we found the caveman room , and found a skull that had a bigger forehead than that girl in the tv show `` under the dome '' . looking at the mural of the killing of the tusked creature by the greeks was an entertaining and exciting end to our museum visit .
things did not go as expected at the office seasonal liquor festival . the balloons were nice enough . when [female] start fidgeting around and moving her hands fast enough to blur , things took a turn . `` hey [female] you stupid lightspeed bitch ! '' yelled [female] . the night might have been forgotten had it not been for dear [female] who decided organization needed to maintain a permanent record .
many of the attendants at the festival were beautifully dressed as traditional geisha . patrons , dressed in festival colors with their faces painted , added their own style to the affair . the whole city was trimmed in red and gold ribbons . people , young and old , came to watch the performances . children were able to have their makeup done in traditional geisha style .
we decided to look at some of the old ruins of the town . we found a lot of destroyed buildings and misplaced rocks . the shoreline harbored a lot of the towns debris . the coliseum was still fairly in tact though . the ruins were nice to see . but the scenery is depressing , so we left .
i love the french fries and chicken at the carnival . the ferris wheel is one of my favorite rides though i 'm still afraid of heights . my and my bestie [female] went around and took a lot of pictures . the only thing i do n't like are the carnival games because i 'm very bad at them . we took a last selfie in our hotel room . ca n't wait to go back to the carnival tomorrow !
we just arrived at the park . later , we decided to hike down the trail . the trail ahead looked rough . up above we saw the helicopter carrying something . found the helicopter back at camp .
the whole family gathered at the table for the party . everyone was have a good time . everyone was having a great time dancing . they were all having a good conversation . they were each trying to win at the game .
getting the party stared with a few drinks . having fun a the party and smiling . must be a special party as the king has arrived . looks like the party is over as the king is leaving . not everyone is leaving , two die hard party girls stay behind .
after a long day of hanging out at the beach we decided to head back into town . we stopped in to see a live show in a bar . then we spent a couple hours drinking and playing pool . we had a lot of fun . it was a long day and i 'm eager to get to sleep .
i am so excited for dinner tonight . we received our seats and were escorted to our table . the table was very beautiful . we were the only ones dining at the time so it was very peaceful . for dessert we had a lot of sweets .
we explored the observatory this afternoon . since it was daylight , we approached a tower to see the sky . as we got closer we saw how tall it was . when we were at the base , we saw how rickety it looked . however , the view and sunset was breataking .
i looked outside my hotel window at all the people while on vacation . the crowd was large but i made my way through to my destination . i posed for a picture that my boyfriend took . the museum was so amazing that i did n't want to leave . after a long day of sight seeing , i made it back to my hotel room .
celebrating with all of our friends . her best friend even came . this is the crew right here . everyone was in great spirits . the happy couple enjoying their engagement .
this couple is getting ready to be in a play . their family has come to watch them and takes a photo before the show . the play went well . the woman is very happy with her performance in the play . she loves acting with her boyfriend .
this area is filled with nature 's beauty , like the clean sand and blue ocean water . the rocks carved by the waves are stunning to look at . the naturally formed arched rock feature is especially stunning to look at . the rock formation perfectly frames the ocean waves . such a beautiful beach is starkly contrasted by the asphalt road nearby .
we went down to the local bar for a concert . the band was really good and entertaining they had on fun outfits and sang well we were really glad we were able to see them our friends all loved it too and we had a great time
last year was [male] 's first christmas in his new house . he got so many presents he did n't know what to play with . he was grateful for his blessings and all his gifts . he realized that the gifts were just things . the most important thing blessing was being with his family .
the kids went to the zoo . it also was a museum . there were all kinds of exhibits about far away animals . the exotic birds were a favorite . the building was very tall .
it was a scary storm that came to the town . many homes were destroyed worse then this , but still it was bad . unlucky cars were crushed under the trees . the few lucky ones had the tree land on the side , narrowly missing . local police were around to assist people though , so that helped .
we have finally made it to our destination . the view was pretty spectacular . we made some good friends along the way . we shared drinks and stories into the evening . we even got to see some very pretty animals .
look who we ran into at our local watering hole . my crazy brother . my brother met up with a new girl . she was shy . as usual , he had some stories and adventures to share . after a few drinks , the gang got a little out of hand . some silly body art on the drunkest person in the group . he was driven home .
he could see the location location off in the distance . he got closer and closer . finally he was able to get a clear view of the tower . it was only once he was there that he realized how large it was . after his trip to the tower he retired to the train station to wait for his ride back to the hotel .
everybody was out in full force for tonights festivities . this marching band began the night with a few songs . afterward a few floats made their way through , this was my favorite . we also had fire performers doing some dangerous tricks . everybody had a great time and it was a jam packed event .
last night 's fireworks show blew me away . this red flower type burst was amazing . it filled the sky . i liked these lower down dual color displays , too . this one looked like a big lolly pop in the sky . this green one reminded me of trailing ivy . and these subtle bursts were great . it was a top notch show .
this is my view point from my work space . the weather looks good . i will be at the beach for the rest of the day . my motel room right by the beach . all these chairs will be great to relax with friends .
today we visited the city to see the sites . the buildings from up high was beautiful . the baseball stadium at night was lit up very bright . some of the buildings had a very interesting design . at night the entire city had a wonderful orange glow .
the scary woman was looking very scared and spooky a big statue of a brown lion holding of grey plate with the symbol another 2 statues of two white cats send a statue of a teddy bear sitting in a clay chair scary lady is now waving goodbye to everyone
we visited an aquarium that had a little poud outside . the corrals were lovely . and the brightly colored fish swimming in schools were hypontizing . the ray was fun to watch . the anemones swayed in the water , like they were waving us goodbye .
aedyns brithday at the arcade the candy bar was a hit aedyn trying to win enough tickets for a cool prize with dad aedyn awing at the indoor soccer field follow the rainbow road to happiness on your birthday aedyn cotton candy munching was delicious
we came across this tower in the countryside . i wonder what it is for . after that , we came across these rock formations . they went on for miles . we made messages in the sand .
working , as usual . i need a vacation . here we go , this is much better . this water is cold but it 's worth it . did someone see a shark or something . time for dinner and drinks , awesome , well deserved !
this woman looks like she is in the mood for some fun or something . in a store trying on hats is fun , especially hats like these . went to a quaint little bar to grab something to eat . stuffed animals of any sort brightens me just a little . bowling is just the type of fun way to spend the rest of the day .
i could n't stop staring at my beautiful daughter . her mother could n't stop either . we are so happy to have her in our lives . we each want to hold her and never let her go . she looks like an angel when she sleeps .
everyone was excited for the family reunion . the men chatted about old times and enjoyed each others company . some of the men played mini golf outside in the beautiful grassy yard . it was a happy time to reunite with family . the girls mostly gossiped while watching the men play sports and drink .
nothing like a carnival on a beach , it is the most fun you could have . when you are not at the carnival you might enjoy a walk on the beach . a lot of people like riding the ferris wheel , it is one of the biggest attractions . after the carnival on the beach you never know what to expect . maybe a wedding at a baseball game . and to top the night off why not a couple mascots acting silly at the game .
you can see the damage to the rear hatch of the vehicle . this is a picture of the damage to one of the muffler pipes . the molding on the bumper is separating from the bumper . there are multiple scratches on the tailgate . this is a close-up picture of the damage to the tail pipe .
today the family got together to celebrate the grandfather 's birthday , grandma gave the youngest grandchild a lot of her attention . so much so , that the older sibling got a little jealous . grandma then spent her time coddling her granddaughter . but it was grandpa 's big day and it ended with cake and a rousing chorus of happy birthday .
the parade yesterday was very long . it started out with all of the flags being walked through . then the speakers had to deliver all of their speeches . there was a lot of traffic backed up because of it . i was very glad that i was finally able to get through .
family and friends gather to celebrate the anniversary of loved ones . all of the children gather to take a picture for their parents who are celebrating their anniversary . the grandchildren 's eyes even light up with happiness . the happy couple is often on the receiving end of heart-felt toasts . after everyone is thanked for coming , the cake is often cut and the partying begins .
there was a cute stray cat making the soil his home . the man found a good resting place when visiting the monument . it had amazing architecture and the walls were so smooth . the center of object was very unique and intriguing . he posed for another picture before he left .
today , at the cat show , this lady was selling cat clothing in her booth . this cat is being looked over carefully by one of the judges . this proud cat owner is talking with another contestant while waiting to be judged . this is one of the pretty kitties after the show . she looks tired ! and this is one of the winners at the show . all who participated were beautiful !
the town 's square was so vibrant and full of life . it was lit up and full of people . there were so many interesting sites to see including the town 's famous bridge . the architecture was amazing . so many beautiful old buildings . the pubs were great too . we all got together and enjoyed a few drinks . we also sampled some of the local pub fare . the snacks were delicious .
here is the relaxing tropical sunset we enjoyed so much ! the waves crashed ashore here ! the strong bird was exploring the land in front of our eyes ! here the woman dances by the shore . the fire show was extraordinary and a pleasure to see .
today was parents night at my school , lots of parents were waiting to meet the teachers . my mom met my math teacher and were joking about when i dropped my notebook in class and everyone laughed . mom wanted to talk to my teacher alone for a minute to make sure that i 've been good so far this year . once that my mom got done talking to him my science teacher came in to meet everyone , too . before we were all done my class mates all wanted to take a picture together with our teacher .
the streets were bustling in the city . there were mostly adults out , but some children were out enjoying themselves too . people cleared the streets so vehicles could get by . street entertainers could be seen on almost every block . people went about their days , going to work , meeting with friends , and eventually , heading home .
my beautiful engagement ring . me and my significant other posing . the forest was unbelievable . the sunsets in location are the most captivating . me and my husband walking through this amzaing forest .
at our family party it was good to see relatives i had not seen in many years . i even got to see my old dog that lives with my parents now . my sister and cousin were chatting throughout the night over drinks . my brother and his friend showed up for a few drinks as well . i had a nice meal and some drinks to cap off a great night .
the cat woke [male] up early in the morning . since he had the extra time he decided to prepare himself breakfast , a luxury he did not have most mornings . he enjoyed his waffles and coffee . then he remembered that the problem with cooking was the mess it left behind . his early day plans were unraveled when he discovered the sink was leaking into the cupboard beneath .
[male] went to the bookstore . there he found a book on travel . he also found a book about loons . there were so many good books he wanted to get them all . he made 3 sets of books he wanted . he closed his eyes and chose . [male] was very happy with his choice , he knew he would learn a lot from these books .
the ball game was a hit ! [male] and rich line up for a photo . [female] , [male] and rich watch intently as the batter comes up to the plate . the organization organization organization july 2nd 2008 , i will never forget this day . although i may not remember some parts too . afterwards we decided to get another drink and some food .
our sign was ready and we were eager to start the parade . a curious man drove by in a truck . as traffic cleared , others were less shy about marching . before long , almost everyone was marching . a few people stayed on the side and encouraged the marchers .
we decided to take the boat out on the water today , it was a nice day for boating . this pelican i am convinced has ate alot , or pretty soon will be expecting some baby pelicans . this duck seems to be used to humans feeding it , as it walked right up to me when i had my hand full of bread . as we sailed along , the view of the church was simply breathtaking . the ferris wheel looked like it was going to touch the water .
we went to see the band play downtown . we were able to get close to the stage . we did n't expect to see this bird handler . i really enjoyed seeing the owl so close . we also got to see someone making flower headbands . these were all done in an hour ... amazing .
the group had come to see the scenic landscape . there we many beautifully manicured gardens . and old buildings that were still standing . as well as an old train track . after taking in the great sights the group headed home .
family game night always starts out pretty mellow . until uncle [male] brings over something silly . cousin [female] is n't very amused . aunt [female] , uncle [male] and their daughter [male] . cousin [male] always has some crazy story to tell us .
i went on vacation last weekend . i stayed in a really small hotel . there were only a few people staying there . outside there was cattle walking around . i had a good time walking the streets and admiring the buildings .
a father and son go to the beach as the sun is setting . the beach is full of people even though the sun is going down . the son takes a picture of his dog with his cellphone . after they are done at the beach they go to a restaurant to eat . they both order a sweet potato soup that is very delicious .
last summer i went on vacation to another country . i saw all kinds of different architecture over there . it was very beautiful . there were so many religious buildings . and their gardens were beautiful despite it being so dry .
strands of hanging blue lights light up a dark room . a machine makes a unique light show . pictures of different eyes on stands are a unique piece of art . strands of lights are put together to represent humans . this jar holds lights making different red shapes .
the festival needed to be helped with clean up . this guy was in charge of the stage . the games were fun and worth it . they played with the stuffed animals . to end the day they road the ferris wheel .
organization showed off his cute butt in the kitchen . he was really proud of the newly-installed wallpaper there . this is his cat tubblyumpkins . organization made himself some waffles for breakfast that day . afterwards he had to work on cleaning his dirty shelves .
we decided to go to the fair today . we rode on several rides including the swings . the roller coaster was a lot of fun , but also really scary . we tried to win a few prizes at the games too . we were there late into the night .
sushi is not raw as many people believe . when you first make sushi you stuff it with different things . then the sushi is wrapped and chilled for several hours . next cut up the sushi and put it in a frying pan . what you are left with is a wonderful display of food .
the bellzinorrious family decided to get out of town . dad hitched up his pants and loaded the car . the flipped a coin and headed east . once they hit the coast , they walked around a bit . they ran into beautiful sites such as this pond .
the castle stood high above . we entered the ancient church . everything was reverent . the stain glass took years to craft . the choir began soon after we entered .
i love shopping in a location town setting . there are always so many bright things to catch your eye . these flowers are gorgeous . they way items are displayed are cheery . so many of the items are hand made . you have to get there early ; the sidewalks fill up quickly .
the lovely couple took a photo in their new place together . he gazes off into the sunset while someone snaps a photo ! we are just sitting out here talking about our day . he leaned up against the crate and annoyingly took a picture . he decided to take a picture for his first day at his new job !
this is location and [male] . [male] sings and [male] plays guitar . location is an awesome singer but that was n't enough . he wanted to play guitar like [male] but his fingers were too stubby . this ate away at location . one day during a church gig he got on his knees and prayed that god would let him play guitar even better than [male] . an angel appeared to location and said there were too many guitar players . the world needs adequate trombone players [male] . suddenly [male] felt impelled to grab a trombone and squeak out a tune . he was so happy . until he tried to put it down . the angel had forgotten to say the release trombone prayer . so now [male] and his instrument are stuck together for eternity .
i am preparing for my camping trip . first , i air out the tents in my backyard . everything is cool . i am ready to go . my buddies and i walk up the trail . it is quite a hike and after a few hours , you get really tired . the journey continues as we climb higher and higher . we make it to the top !
the people are watch the parade go bye what a beautiful flow there is a man selling lot of necklace there there is some food there also the people are watch the flow go bye and taking picture another flow with men with white hat on passing bye
i love giving my time to help those who are in need . i volunteer with my church to go into these neighborhoods and deliver things they need . sometimes , it is as simple as a cup of water . other times , it could be enough money to pay for a month 's rent . no matter what it is , we are making a huge difference in their lives , and that is what counts .
we were able to see the fireworks display from our backyard . there were many different types of fireworks . the finale of the fireworks show was extravagant . we decided to do some of our own fireworks in our porch . it was not a good idea to do our own fireworks because a small fire almost started .
we arrived early to make sure everything was in proper order before we began . [male] moore was the pre race favorite as usual . our group of dogs were ready to go , and getting a little bored . [male] and [male] led the pack and did not let us down . rob was tired and so glad we won this year .
i was strolling through the mountains when i came across a silvery thing . i looked to my left and there was a massive rock with a red man painted on it . i immediately photographed it . strolling around i found some blueberry looking produce . last , i decided to go take in the nice scenery offered by the lake . after a long day of exploring the mountain and lake , it was time to hit the road and head home .
it was time for a little bike riding first it was one on one then it become two on two it was a great time at the race they enjoyed dinner afterwards
the kids played on the stairwell while mother cleaned . once she was done they played in the den . [male] got out his pet frog . [male] played with the dog while [male] watched the baby . then mother let them look at her old photo album , telling them stories about the people they had never met .
[female] was ready to hit the party with her friends . [female] enjoyed a snack at the party . [male] and [female] took selfie 's together [male] taking a selfie with a cigar in his mouth . all of the friend enjoyed the party and took lots of selfies .
we visited the oldest part of the graveyard . some of them we could n't even read . the headstones were so worn . some of them were people i had heard of in the past . it was interesting to see how old they were when they died .
they all went out for some drinks and food . this looked so tasty and smelled wonderful . the pastries were delicious . they were enjoying some fun conversation with him . the stamp was a way to remember the night .
we went to go visit the location location in location . there were guards patrolling the building . there were also lots of tourists looking . the front of the building was amazing . afterward , we ended the day with a ferris wheel ride .
someone is coming to visit for the holidays ! let us go out and eat . it was more expensive than eating at home , but delicious . then , let 's go home and relax with alcohol . we can relax with your cat .
this man had a pet falcon . we visited the beach on this glorious day . we relaxed with each other . we found a sand crab on the beach . lastly , we lit up fireworks at night .
this place looks crowded . a happy couple is here . relaxing and having fun . he fell asleep . now everyone else is gone .
we met on deck for a lovely brunch . many of my business partners were there discussing golf . we took several pictures in celebration . my two mentors were there and happy . the boat had never left the dock !
we started our day off at the beach.we wanted to let the kids run and play and have a good time . [female] was dead set on digging the largest hole she could ever make . mommy and the girls on the carousel ride.there were so many ride , but they loved this the best . daddy why are n't you in the picture ? well i had to kindly ask another person next to me to take the picture . when they saw this boat ride , i never thought i was going to get them out of it.ca n't wait till it warms up so they can play in the water back at the beach .
we went to see fiends in location location on spring break . we had a blast at the beauiful parks and got lots of fresh air . my skin is so white i had to protect it form the hot sun . later we took a fighting class so much fun . my the end of our vist i had my hair dyed blue .
the birthday party was at organization organization . the animated robots sang and danced to entertain the kids . the party guests got up to dance too . then the big mouse came out to wish her a happy birthday and give her a special gift . the birthday crown was awesome !
we always like to watch the local road race , even in the rain . it 's fun to see how whole families race , even little kids . this guy brought his umbrella along to try to stay dry ! the winners all got flowers . the grand prize winner also got a trophy .
the tour of the historic village started with a look at a large , perfectly restored salt-box house . the next home had a lovely tree and bench to rest outside . one person could n't resist lingering in the nice space . the steel gray blue home of [male] deane was also on the tour . my favorite detail from the tour were beautifully crafted doors that looked almost like a valentine .
my shot glass collection starts with my a 's baseball one . i have one from when i was in the army . the third one is from my time in location as a broke merchant . this one my papaw gave me last march . this one was a gift from grandmammy .
overlooking the city we could tell that the trip would take a while . it was like looking at a town back in time . the people travel by donkeys here . the village is like stepping back hundreds of years , the fishing boats are what keeps this town in business .
super hero day in location was always a sight to see . obama dolls were on sale due to his fame . many american heroes were seen in location . even darth vader was in location . the day went south when the drug cartels came to shoot up the convention .
spent a day walking and taking pictures at a very old graveyard . some tombstones were so old they were hard to read . this one had the earliest date i could find ... .1834 many of the headstones were parents or husband and wife . was a very thoughtful day ... .have to wonder if any family still visits these graves
[female] tried a new place to eat for lunch . she brought her little boy [male] along . there were so many options on the menu . the food arrived hot and just the way we liked it . complimentary biscuits with jam won us over .
it was a good day to visit my parents and put up a bird house my wife was reading a letter to my mother my brother ws also enjoying the visit drinkin his drink my sister was also there . dad was happy all the kids came to visit
when i got to class there was already a full room . i had to search for a seat . i met some new friends there . we exchanged contact information . when i got home my parents wanted to hear all about my day .
my brother led the church in a prayer . we then all sang songs . the guest priest came up next to give a sermon . we all listened intently . we then sang some more songs .
a young man speaks in front of the congregation . several people stand while reading along . the woman is speaking to the congregation . two worshippers listen to the speaker . the congregation follows along with the lesson plan .
adventure con looked like it would be super-fun for the girls . they met celebrities . they even found a pirate . the man in the blue cape was incredibly popular . they even found a storm trooper .
i decided to make the move from location to location . here i am at my new place with my new dog . the neighborhood is green , and not too overcrowded . i decided to go for a walk during a beautiful day . when i got back , my house had been looted , leaving me with nothing .
i woke up early and heading out to the farm to see how many photos i could get in . i was happy to come across these cows grazing in the field . one of them really wanted to be photographed ! then i found this duck `` couple '' wandering about . too bad they did n't have any babies . i came across this old bird house and it made for an excellent shot . i could spend days photographing this entire area , it 's so beautiful .
the trip was epic . we saw a big bridge . some old houses . then we passed a big tour . our rental car was sick !
the girls were excited for the rodeo to show of the horses . the horses were also excited for the show . they were shown off to the crowd . there were all types of different breeds and sizes . they had a good time at the horse show .
we traveled to the mountains for a camp out last weekend . first we set up our tent and camping area . then we went on a hike . the mountain flowers were beautiful . we then passed by the lake . it was so calm . after our hike we just relaxed and enjoyed the beautiful view .
my friend went to a bike obstacle course . you could ride on tight ropes . he did a lot of tricks . there were hills to jump down . he flew through the air on half the course .
after church today i decided to take a few pictures of the windows in my church . the panes are all stained glass . each one painted differently and each one uniquely beautiful . the outside of my church is grand . it 's so large . i love going to my church . it looms in the distance calling out for me to come visit again .
a beautiful flag flying on a gorgeous day . the city skyline was seen in the background . a unique sailboat was docked at the pier . the tickets were being sold to the event . the night ended with a beautiful firework display above the pier .
we were camping . here is our friend giving us a thumbs up . we started hiking . we are nearing the top . we are at the top with everybody .
we all got together and hit the road . we saw a nice beach and decided to explore it . we started walking up from one end . and finished off at the other side . we took one last look and headed back to the car .
here are mom and dad reminiscing about their hippie years . dad is singing a folk song . mom and dad are discussing the vietnam war . here is dad at the commune waiting for the mail . this is dad while he was in college .
we had to take a break from all the hiking . but the view was so amazing at the top of the mountain . mom was nervous about the overlook with the kids . so daddy put the baby on his back and we hiked back . on the way down , we stopped for another picture .
found this picture going through stuff . the reflections back of christmas past . when times were simpler . puppies and babies are s good memory . the oldest photo was of great grandpa .
we took a tour of the city , and i just loved this oddly shaped mirror in the city square . my girlfriend and i took a selfie , can you see us ? this one did not turn out so good . the is from the underside of the mirror , looks like a toilet seat shape . this is the bed and breakfast we stayed at , it was a very fancy place !
we 're going out biking . starting off at the library . 25 miles and we 've hit ... . nothing ! riding through main street . the only stoplight in town ! made it our final destination ! now lets get some beers !
we went on a vacation to location to explore the country . we found a lot of nice people and interesting sights . the country overall was fairly poor and we felt bad at times . the rivers were wild and mostly used for fishing . many people make their living fishing
the walters are taking a cruise on this ship . today they rented a small paddle boat to come to the shore and enjoy the beach . they are collecting sea shells to save as souvenirs . other people chose to use kayaks and explore the waters . the ship then pulled into port a few days later for the end of the trip .
we were excited to finally be signing the lease to our new house . we brought in some of our belongings and began getting settled . we explored our new house and admired the beautiful bathroom setup . we finished unpacking and decided to look around the rest of the building . we were surprised to a find a great pool in the backyard ! we were very happy with our decision .
the crowd was waiting for the ruckus . and , then they were off . the crowds started chanting and waving their signs . and , then they started lighting things on fire . it ended by the capitol and the crowd became much calmer .
rob finally got out of the house after not leaving all day . [female] came to see rob at a small house party . [male] played croquet for at least two hours . the two ladies gossiped for a while and enjoyed the weather . marky was unsure how to cut the cake to commemorate the end of the party .
we had arrived in location for the first time ... we immediately hit the streets and were excited . it was all smiles for the family ... because they had finally reached the bakery and , you can tell that [male] was ecstatic for the pastries !
we rode our atv to the mountain top ... and , suddenly , we were back on the beach and viewing a wondering opening . i asked my husband to take a picture ; however , he preferred to stand behind the camera . we then moved back to the mountain and saw a beautiful inlet.. the inlet showed the strong power of the water moving in from the ocean . we took our picture and were ready for bed .
it was daddy 's 30th birthday , and mommy made an awesome birthday cake for him . daddy loved the cake , and was so surprised ! there was even thirty candles on the cake ! daddy blew the candles out and made a wish . after having some cake , the whole family went for a nice walk .
i have a good group of friends here . each one of them is so different . different not only in the way they look , but their personalities as well . our little melting pot makes for a really interesting group . when we get together we are all smiles .
a man with a cape puts on a show for some onlookers . his son follows closely behind with his bicycle to join the fun . the pair is having a great time and the onlookers are enjoying it as well . a son and father at the event are busy playing in the snow joining the bicyclists is someone sitting on skis and going down a slope .
the squirrel waited at the side of the road for the opportune moment to cross , so that he could get back to his little whole on the side of the canyon . he had to wait for the train to come through though , so that he could safely make it back to his home on the canyon .
i was really excited to see my first hockey game . the players made their way to the ice . the game started and it was so amazing to see . the players went by so quickly . it was exhilarating .
the family decided to go on a spur of the moment trip . they stopped off at a very nice picnic area to have lunch while eating the family had a great view of the water . once they got to their destination the little one was exausted . she was looking out the window at the land to see what they could explore next .
finally , the day came for the concert of one of my favorite bands . we all packed the stage as we waited for the stage to come alive . an opening act came on first , which got the crowd pumped for the evening . as the lights changed , we all knew who was up next : the musician we 've been waiting for . the musician brought down the house as everyone danced and had a great time .
organization organization organization hosted a `` fun-in-the-snow '' event in an attempt to advertise how their products can be used in all weather conditions . it was a beautiful , snowy day , and many people were enjoying the snow on the ground . some experienced trek riders showed off their skills in a mini-competition that included obstacles along the way . this rider was having a great time until his chain came loose and he had to walk to the side to fix it . some people brought their skis and demonstrated interesting tricks , and a good time was had by all who attended the event .
we went to a flea market last weekend that was really neat . this lady was the owner and she had a really pretty bird . she had a lot of horseshoes and other old stuff . she kept a lot of these cases in back with surprises inside of them for people who bought them . we bought a few of these paintings before going back home that day .
we wen to a coffee shop . the coffee there was amazing . there was some interesting decorations . it was getting rather late . so we had to go home .
it was the last day of our vacation . we went to grab a quick lunch . we decided to go on a boat ride since we had some time to kill . i was able to take some pictures during our boat ride . the ocean was perfect during our boat ride .
the family stayed at the camp grounds while looking for a place to live . the campgrounds had a great view . one place they looked were these apartments . after looking around for awhile they took in the views around the area . they then decided to go down farther to see what else they could find .
it was finally their wedding day and they had such a beautiful service . the reception was wonderful and all their family and friends attended . they had extra pictures taken in front of the sunset . it really was a perfect sunset to end their reception . then it was time for a romantic evening .
decided to go around town taking pictures . this is just silly . look she 's got big hands . thanks for your donation to my picture taking . these flowers are dead but pretty at the same time . what a wonderful waterfall . wait , what a better wonderful waterfall .
these products were hand made by a woman . this object is very unique and could be worn as a pin . this product makes your house smell good . this product could be used as a decoration . these medallions are great for christmas .
the best place we visited during vacation . the family visited the historical monument and explored the museum . the night was filled with magnificent architectural structures for viewing . we walked throughout the city and enjoyed delicious cuisines and wine . the museum was filled with fabulous historical artifacts by famous artists .
the buildings by the seashore were all beautiful . there was much to be seen here . the view of the water was magnificent . black and white photos were taken as well . there were seagulls in the water .
the courtyard was scenic and beautiful . a couple came and took a selfie in front of it . afterwards , they bought a bottle of wine . they took it home and toasted their nice day . after toasting , they ate dinner .
getting help with the kayak for a day on the water . friends and family having fun on the lake . what great exercise while skiing on the water . friends and family having fun on a large raft on the water . teaching baby how to swim while making sure he 's safe .
the amusement park had a thrilling new ride called 'the cobra ' . [female] and [female] were a little scared to go on it but really wanted to try . they began small , going on 'the whiplash ' , spinning around and around . the girls then went to the bumper cars , crashing into many other people . finally , the climbed on 'the cobra ' and ended the night with the thrilling ride .
a beautiful certificate we were presented with for his bris . thankful to all that were able to come celebrate . mom , dad , baby and grandma . great grandma with mom , dad , and baby . this cake was so cute , and so so tasty .
for her birthday , we took her and her friends to [male] e. cheese . the staff there was great at managing the kids . they all had a great time playing . they even took care of getting the cake . when they bought it out the kids loved it !
the girl and her boyfriend took a trip to the park , where he was rather nervous about getting his picture taken . she seems happy to sit on the couch with him . when the sun goes down it is time to get silly . the early spring day made for some great photography . she enjoyed standing amongst the trees .
i watched the entire fireworks show this year . it was very long . i stayed there for about half an hour . when it was over there was a lot of smoke . i took many pictures .
this beautiful glowing woman has a bun in the oven . this must be baby number two . nice gifts for the baby . these types of garments are so needed when the baby is born . having fun showing what is being given .
this year i went fishing at the lake . the water was nice and the weather was warm . i saw a few large birds near the shore . there was nobody else on the docks ! afterwards i collected some pinecones for dinner .
the employees went on a company retreat . the spent the day hiking along a scenic trail . at one point , they decided to investigate the creek below . the coworkers later relaxed in a lounge , lamenting the day 's activities . the day ended with a barbecue , where the employees could enjoy a hot meal and each others ' company .
[male] loved fireworks so much he always got a room in a bed and breakfast near the big fireworks display . it was a nice bed and breakfast , but the real appeal was the fireworks . he would get so excited at the very first flare going up . when the sky was filled with fireworks leftover light , his heart would sour . each different firework was special to him . it was his favorite day of the year .
the church had some beautiful stain glass . as well as some amazingly carved pews . we could also see an old church bell that was on display . the statues cut an imposing silhouette . it was a humbling experience .
we stopped and got some ice cream at the fair . we finished that and went to the rides . we first rode the roller coaster . then moved on to the large swings . we had fun for a bit then headed back home .
the couple took a picture with there baby . they took another picture . the grandma was not pleased . the baby ate her pudding . she then drank some water .
a group of friends went to a bar . they ate dinner . they drank lots of wine . you were allowed to smoke there . everyone had a great time .
that day was really snowy but i had to work . i put my earphones in and then i went with a bright attitude . i rode the bus to my job and got there early . my meeting was starting as i arrived . at the end of the day , my husband presented me with a rose because he loves me .
we had a ball celebrating [female] 's 5th birthday ! i think she was a little sad we had to cut the cake . she was all smiles once she tasted it though ! somebody shook up the cola and accidentally caused some excitement . the celebration ended with the kids sitting on the floor and giving the birthday girl her gifts !
the horse show was in town . she watched as the horse were walked by . some of the handlers were dressed to match to horses . number 2 had magnificent form , she thought to herself . winners were about to be announced , which had always been her favorite part of the show .
the family parked under the big tree this year at the christmas festival . it was late but all the lights were on . the lighting was really well done and looked great . even at night there were still a ton of people there . when we got home we rushed to turn on our own christmas lights .
getting ready to race our bikes . here we go , i 'm gon na win this . doing it , winning ! here i go , i 'm going a little fast but that 's ok . whoops , i did fall i wonder if i can catch up .
there was a rally event today at the park . many people attended . some even showed up on bicycles . there was a large crowd . there was even a helicopter .
the annual 5k for breast cancer awareness was held this morning . several hundred women took part to raise funds for cancer research . some of the runners showed their enthusiasm by dressing in costume . the atmosphere was one of fun and camaraderie . but the theme of the day was one of determination to beat this terrible disease , no matter what .
we got the pool ready today for my young daughter 's swimming lesson . she started out by wearing her life jacket . she enjoyed spending some time with grandpa in the pool . later , the life jacket came off and i gave her some swimming lessons . by that evening , she was a very happy young girl .
we always drive around to see the lights for christmas . we love seeing how the houses decorate . people put up such pretty displays . many people put up different kinds of lights . we have such a good time driving around each year !
[female] is taking her first trip across location . they 've driven miles through green fields . they stopped here for some lunch and she took this selfie with a landmark building in the distance . there was a street vendor selling his drawings and [female] bought one as a souvenir . this was her favorite cafe out of the entire trip .
i went to put up all the decorations for christmas this year . i had a great time . it took me many hours to put them all up . some of the decorations were very heavy . the next day we all opened up our presents .
these group of friends had a costume party . they danced the night away . they took pictures of themselves . their friend played great music for them . they all had a great time .
today was the day of my big sisters wedding ! the bride and groom made a cute couple . the best man made a speech that moved everyone to tears ... and laughter . the party afterwards was a big hit with the guests . it went late into the night .
when i got to t he party all of my friends were already there . i brought my dog with me . there were a lot of games at the party . some people were playing golf . it was a lot of fun . afterward there was a big cake for everyone to eat .
the game store sells all kinds of comics . they even have stuffed characters . some of the characters were in the form of collectible dolls . and some were collectible figurines . the store had all types of special character items .
tuba players mark the start of the parade of fire engines and trucks . modern fire engines contain all the bells and whistles . this fire engine has a large ladder that is very impressive . other kinds of rescue vehicles are included in the mix . this old fire engine has been out of service for awhile , but is still up to the job .
the little boys are chattering together as boys do . it looks like the children are gathered to make gingerbread houses . of , course , mom has to keep and eye on things . the table is already decorated for christmas . location decides to make a surprise visit .
when we first got to the venue , we had to warm up . then , we changed clothes and really began to rock . [female] & [male] 's voices were booming . and , [female] was killing it on the guitar . the audience did n't know what to make of us but seemed to really love it .
on their trip to location , they arrive in front of a river . they decide to check out the city . they think its too packed with people , so they go sight seeing . the indoor poor tempts them , but they decide not to jump in . they come across some ducks .
when the family got together for the 4th of july , the kids had so much fun setting off fireworks . the kids were so excited when they first saw the wide variety of fireworks . this was a cone that they set off that emitted a beautiful show . the parents were hanging out enjoying the festivities at the pool . when the kids were done with the fireworks , they enjoyed a night swim to end the exciting night .
manny was excited to visit the village that was in the middle of nowhere . he loved to see their unique structures , and he loved watching the villagers work hard for what they got . he also thought it was amazing that they rode elephants in the middle of the street ! manny was able to ride one , and he thought to himself , man , this village really knows how to live life right .
the mission was deep impact . it was an attempt to crash into an asteroid . the scientists gathered to see the results . the scientists made their presentation . then it was time to see if their hard work had payed off . the video was good and the mission was a success .
we had a birthday party for [male] . everyone made dad crazy with noise makers . [male] waited patiently waiting to open presents . everyone got to have birthday cake . [male] blew out his candles and made a wish .
during vacation , we saw many persian columns . we saw weird statues . we even got to explore ruined temples . each day we stayed at a beautiful resort . it 's rose gardens were beautiful .
welcome to location , home of many sites like big [male] . and the worst traitor ever even has his own statue . this is the location eye , a giant ferris wheel . all of our busses have two levels . and look a bar.. in location ... that 's a first !
this place is beautiful on the outside . it is just as beautiful on the inside . so much work went into making this so beautiful . i would love to see this filled with people in celebration . a nice place to congregate when you are done inside .
the two girls met on the beach for some fun activites the evening started with a sunset photo shoot afterwards they headed to the pub for a drink the next day they both went swimming they even did some cooking for dinner .
our family recently went to the beach for vacation . we started the mornings with homemade , heart-shaped waffles . yum ! then we went down to the beach and played some games , followed by a hike along a nature trail . afterward , we cooled off by wading in the sea .
had a great time in location . this here is [female] . and this is lala . apparently not every dog in location is a location . what a beautiful place we got to stay at . some awesome things to see here . location location ! celebration time !
people from all over joined in the celebration . the street performers did a great job this year . the traditional costumes were worn for the celebration . the flag holders where in their correct spots . as the people left we felt that the day had been a success .
a group of cyclists got together for a night ride . more and more people showed up on bikes . they started their journey in a dark part of the city . the ride through the tunnel was a great experience . all that riding made them very hungry .
the whole crowd arrived for the festivities . there where games in they yard . there where also activities in the lake . the animals where set up for the kids . we ended the afternoon eating a conversing .
here we are getting ready to on a hike in the snow . we started the morning out on a pretty flat path . it was so beautiful to see the snow on the water 's edge . our favorite sight was seeing the sun set against the water . it was so awesome to see icicles at the edge of the water .
the clouds began to swarm overhead on the highway . the stop at the toll booth was a chilling one . the whole highway had a cold grey tone to it . suddenly , the snow began dusting everywhere . it got thicker and thicker , and colder and colder .
i love our vacation photos the ocean and views were amazing then we entered the peninsula to see the bird sanctuary . the birds were nestling on the rocks as always i tried to be funny getting my photo taken here
i drove out to the beach last weekend . i brought all my beach gear with me . there were some large boulders on the beach . i resort was nearby . i had a great time .
the old church has a graveyard this was the first house in the county turned into a church the original settlers are buried here most of the decedents still live in the area the gate has been here for over 100 years
the ferris wheel offers folks a chance to see a new vantage . some models are on the table . the people look like little bugs from such a high altitude . he looks a bit concerned over being so high in the air . the other man is somewhat relaxed .
we went to a really awesome concert last night ! here is a picture of the guitar player , who did excellent . the singer did a really nice job . this guy was multi-talented as he played guitar , sang , and played keyboard . at the end of the night , we were really lucky because we got a copy of the set list from the band !
the pub was just purchased and some changes were occurrin . need craft beers and wines were now available . a whole new food menu was alson happening . a brand new atmosphere for comic nerds . this is the new motto for the new place .
the town looked amazing from this far away . they got closer and were excited to dock the boat . the town was filled with brightly colored markets . they saw men hard at work . in the end they wanted something with a pool and a bar so they left .
the soldiers were somber as they celebrated their fallen comrade . they stood proud as they waited for further instruction . the then proceeded through the streets , carrying flags . the day was one of sadness and great pride . they served our country and the soldiers were honoring them .
the family was taking the kids outside . first they went fishing . then they played some football . the boy was getting tired though . so he took off his uniform .
those bikes are worth more than my house ! they 're prepping for the big race . should be a good one . got ta take good care of these things . i wish i had one . one day ... it sure is n't the schwinn i had as a kid !
[female] was ready for the trip to the beach . he jumped in his luxury car . he made it to his luxury hotel . and he looked out his luxury window . however , the beach he planned to go to , was not luxurious at all .
we were very excited for our trip to the old ruins . we stopped and looked at the old fire places they had designed many years ago . we also visited the gardens which had been renovated recently . the architecture was absolutely stunning given the age of the ruins . we had a great time visiting the ruins . we left amazed by the ingenuity of the humans that came before us .
i took a selfie when my husband and i went to the beach . he made the decision to play pool after the beach . i did n't realize how well he played and he picked a great bar to play at . we had a good time laughing and playing . i took another selfie at the end of the day because i was so happy with the time i had .
people gathered to have a peaceful protest . many people was passing by carrying signs . the police were there to watch over the crowd . the people walked all over the city . the police closed off roads to let the people walk .
last night there was a lot of snow fall . everything was covered in the morning . i had a lot of work to do to clear the snow off the property . the children went out to play in it . they made snowmen .
we had been on the beach for a long time , and we were getting tired . we stood there for a while , looking at the rocks a bit and looking at the islands in the distance too . we were there on trash collection duty , and we had a job to do . we did it , with a lot of looking around and far less work than we should have . as everything started to darken around us , we worked less and less and stared at the water more and more . we felt lazy , but it was fine . we decided to stay until the beginnings of twilight , and light a fire on the beach . we got a little spooked and headed home early , but we were glad to have been out there .
last sunday , we all packed into the minivan to go visit our local swap shop , uncle [male] 's flea market . there were tons of treasures to dig through ! we went through the indoor portion , and then to the outdoor portion , which even had a bus full of items that you could walk through and shop for ! we each found something special to bring home . [male] found this great bike , for only $ 20 ! little [female] brought home this lamp . i tried to talk her into getting something else , since this lamp did n't have a lampshade , but she insisted that this was her treasure to bring home for the day ! but nobody had as special of a purchase as [female] , who bought a talking parrot ! now we have another chatty family member to talk to on the weekends !
the restaurant we went to for our anniversary was very fancy . all of the dishes they had were very interesting . they served some of the best gourmet food in the city . it even has a very breathtaking view of the city line . even the deserts were fantastic , it was a very great experience .
it was a beautiful day for trip to the beach . when i had first arrived there are only a couple people th after a few hours of playing in the ocean and building sandcastles at the beach started to fill up . as i walk the beach i could n't help but notice the beautiful sale goes out in the ocean . when we were all done at the beach we decided to hit the local amusement park for some extra fun .
the award show is just getting started . kids volunteer to help with setting up the show . two contestants talk together before the show . afterward everyone takes a group picture together . old friends say their farewells as they head home for the evening .
i was really looking forward to the day trip to the mountains . the bus dropped us off at the depot , and we had all day to explore . i was by myself , so i decided to hike up to the mountain . i crossed the fields , and i realized the mountains were not going to be as easy as i had thought . i decided to hike in another direction , and that is how i found this small creek . i followed it to this beach , and i spent the rest of my day there . it was sad to have to go back to the depot when the day was over .
i went on the organization wheel last week . afterward i went to grab something to eat from a restaurant . i also bought a new scooter . later i went to go see the pig races . i also bought a toy dinosaur .
a man and a boy visited a sea-side town . the man and his son had already made it to the beach by around noon . the boy was very eager to give body boarding a try . the boy stayed on the body board ( in part because the waves were very small ) . the man and his son stayed at the beach until sunset .
me any the parents at graduation . dinner with the family after graduation at the beach with friends to celebrate graduation eating dinner with the friends after we hit up the beach we also took a look at a beautiful historical building that was right on the beach
this weekend we went to the location location location . we pass through many hills on our walk . this mountain formation was so beautiful and made me realize how peaceful and serene nature is . the river flowed forever . at the end of the day we finally reached the end of the trail and there was a beach .
this littler dog looked on with trepidation . but with his owner right there he calmed down . there 's nothing quite like the bond between child and dog . most of the dogs were panting in the heat . though some had a very dignified composure .
let 's get started with a game of tennis . this is going to be for one player . i get to pick who i 'm going to play against . now i 'm ready to go . this is great , my opponent missed the ball .
[male] 's preferred method of art was drawing . he loved drawing buildings , people , and cars . he hoped that one day his artwork would be displayed at the location for all to see .
the kids were getting their faces painted . he wanted pink whiskers . he started to decorate eggs . she was very careful with hers . the eggs came out great .
mom and dad made supper before gram arrived . gram lives in location so we do n't see her often . after supper gram had presents for me . it was just like my birthday . i opened all the presents , examining each carefully . i made a mess with the wrapping paper . the last package contained a stuffed animal . i really like stuffed animals . gram was happy to see that i liked all my presents . aster all the gifts were opened , gram and i cleaned up the mess and it was bedtime for me . i took my new animal to bed with me .
a green statue appears in town . [female] has to see it and decides to go downtown to see it . after viewing the statue she looks and takes a picture of the pretty flowers . returning to the park she takes another photo of this fountain . she takes another picture of the famous water fountain in location .
we discovered some mysterious ruins in the woods . we drove up to them to get a closer look , and to explore . i could n't believe how elaborate they were . this dome of brick could not have been easy to build . the broken arch was amazing .
we decided to take a tour of the city the cloud cover was a little disappointing but tolerable nightlife is always fun to try out hanging out with friends a nice end to nice day especially if sharing with good food
they all gathered together before the event filled day . the birthday cake was a welcomed surprise to him . they enjoyed some coffee before going to the beach . the day was beautiful and the sand was good for building castles . last but not least was the bungie ride . it was a blast .
a group of friends meet at a street restaurant . they start off my ordering coffee . the friends wait outside for their food . one of the women ask for more coffee . they sit and enjoy the day .
my friend and i took a short road trip this weekend to see the scenery . we found trees that had begun to change color and gorgeous leaves that had fallen . i waded into a shallow stream and perched on a rock . we saw a railroad bridge over a river . we decided to follow the railroad for a few minutes , but turned back .
christmas at the smith 's house was a lot of fun . [male] and barb , and their two daughters spent christmas eve and christmas day together . the ladies drank white wine until they were giddy . [male] opened his presents and thanked his family . he really liked what he received . [female] and [female] got exactly what they asked for and could n't have been any happier .
we spent the day near the lake reveling in the [female] colors . there were several ducks floating around . we walked around and enjoyed nature . nature was truly showing her splendor with all of the beautiful colors . after a long walk , we spent a relaxing afternoon building an intricate sand castle .
that afternoon was much like any other day . the brothers spent time riding their bikes and having fun . but when they got home , there were two surprises waiting . the older brother saw his surprise first : a pet gerbil . he named it hercules . the second surprise was waiting for them in their bedroom : a black lab . the younger brother held it and smiled . it wore a pretty blue collar and they named it blue . blue loved to sit and watch the boys as they watched tv in the living room . he would look up at them and study their expressions . blue also loved to play outside in the grass . he became their best friend .
it was [female] 's birthday and even [male] had bought a gift . well , he at least removed it from the bag . [female] quickly opened the box ... it was an ipad ! she quickly synced it with her mac pro and enjoyed for hours .
started the morning right with a jog to the beach . the neighborhood was very picturesque but quiet . the beautifully decorated porches seemed lonely . the front gardens were well maintained but no one was available for me to compliment . feeling refreshed and ready to lounge on the deck chairs in front of my lovely home .
the concert was great . dj phat played a great set . he then threw on a record and the rappers came up on stage . the first one was one of the originators . they kept it real and kept the energy up all night long .
out in the delis their are wild life there also there are mountain water hole there the couple are dress for mountain having fun is standing on the top the mounding the sky is blue and the mounting is high
the three of us decided to take a day trip to the vineyards . the green countryside was beautiful . we started seeing the vineyards as we passed by the warehouse of wine was enormous . nothing like a glass of wine with good friends to end the day .
starting the day off going to work and getting off to go back home . the finishing touch of a prepared meal . in the beginning the raw meat before cooked , sliced and placed on a plate . a quick look at tv and some relaxing . the doctor says have a glass of wine is good for the heart , goodnight .
the parade was very exciting yesterday . there were many beautiful floats there . i had a great time watching them . i took a lot of pictures . i hope there is another parade next year .
there is nothing more fun then a location location day parade . an irish leprechaun leads the parade in celebration . not far behind him is an irish clown carrying a saxophone . also involved are riders on their horses . this group includes a man with bag pipes .
although we were tired of sightseeing , when it looked like a bad storm was approaching we ducked into the nearest church . there , we were stunned by the beauty inside . it was remarkable that human ingenuity and relatively primitive tools had constructed such a building . we realized it was deep religious feelings and the desire to express these feelings that inspired the designers and workers . as we stepped into a courtyard and looked upon the expansive sky , it was easy to see how they had been so inspired .
today , my family went for a walk along the beach . the weather was beautiful ! as we walked towards home , we saw a small shack . the shack sold sarongs and other beach wear . we had a lot of fun , i hope we can go back soon !
the city hosted an annual 4th of july parade . a fire truck passed by watering the crowd to not suffer from the hot weather . a few friends met up with us at the parade . after the parade , we decided to have a party at our house . at night , we were able to see the fireworks show .
preparation takes longer than cooking . you have to garnish the entree with good detail . the special meat must be wrapped up until you are just about to cook it . pan searing the food makes the flavors pop out . a good sized portion will leave you satisfied .
it was a formal ceremony with different branches of the military present . first there was a speaker who addressed the audience . dignitaries were there to give out awards . there were civilian awards given , as well . everyone got a their picture taken at the end .
a visit to the beach was just what i needed . the sound of the water against the shore was so soothing . standing behind the trees made me feel like i was lost on an island . [male] and [male] decided to get closer to the water to see how warm it was . the water was just so beautiful . i 'd love to stay there forever . the waves were so magnificent . i was in awe .
i had a great fourth of july celebration with everyone . it was the perfect time to chill and relax in the pool . and of course my brother got a bit too excited with the fireworks . my dad also had fun playing with sparklers too . i had a wonderful time seeing my friends and family this summer .
i had a great time at the party yesterday . there were a ton of rinks there . after the party we went to a ski lodge . we had a great time skiing as well . the view was beautiful .
the dog was enjoying his time of solitude . and so was his master on the beach . it seemed as if the place was completely isolated . eventually the dog and his master reunited and relaxed . it was a beautiful place of serenity .
we were excited about our trip to the amusement park . one of the first things you see getting into the park is the massive ferris wheel . we went into this weird side show . here is an odd mask i found in one of the gift shops . we had an awesome time at the fair .
my trip to location was fantastic . i spent my first day there on a hike . the beaches were beautiful and there were tons of surfers out ready to ride the waves . the food at the hotel was amazing . everything was so artfully arranged and tasted amazing . i went sightseeing on horseback and got lots of great pictures . on my last night , i sat and watched the sunset with a cocktail . it was so relaxing and enjoyable .
people are running for the race . the man is carrying his child on shoulder and running in the race . the grandpa is running with his grandchilds in the race . the man is holding umbrella and running in the race . first 3 finalists got the awards .
i got into an accident today unfortunately . i rear ended a car that slammed on the breaks in front of me . i made sure to take as many pictures as possible for the insurance company . luckily it does n't look totaled . ... but it does n't look great either..
arriving at the estate , we were greeted by a beautiful water feature . we had to take the location location all the way from one side of the estate to the other . slowly we traveled along the lonely rail . midway , we had to stop for a few minutes for pictures and a refuel . down below in the garden , everything was ready for our arrival .
the tour of the location island stared at the outskirts of the city . the first stop was an old sea fort . much of the original structure was still intact . ancient [male] columns still stood even after centuries of existence . the tour concluded with a visit to a modern villa .
the family gets together before heading out for a day on the beach . a lot of food was cooked on the grill . one of the foods that was cook was some delicious oysters . then it was off to the beach to play in the ocean . even the dog had a good time playing .
a forest can be a magical place if you look hard enough . take a walk along a forest path to see what you can see . you might see a bright spot of green moss . or enjoy the reflection of light on some large fungus in fancy shapes . in a magical forest , you might even see a tree yawn !
we all decided to check out the new nightclub in town the other night . it was pretty cool , but it was so dark in there . i mean they did n't even have normal lighting . we had to stay close just to keep track of each other . cyndi and [female] had a great time though . even when [male] challenged cyndi to an arm-wrestling contest , that cyndi won by the way .
i saw [female] the poo at a theme park in location . we visited during christmas and the decorations were so colorful . i loved the classic look of some of the attraction , especially the retro mickey mouse . the water show was stunning with lots of colors and people dancing . but the best attraction by far was the castle . it looked like a fictional drawing come to life .
while we were on our trip we saw some great works we could n't understand all the signs but we loved all the architecture and buildings we went for a nice walk the scenery was all so great and peaceful
the kids were playing all kinds of games . they played casino style ones . she was excited when it was her turn to spin . the little boys played catch . even the adults played with them .
when the parade started the crowd cheered , and others looked up in the sky to see what sparked the cheer . the wind took flight and there it was , the beautiful american flag . an airplane flew over the flag bringing more attention to it . as the parade carried on there came more beautiful flags on display . and even more , as little men had their own little beautiful flags to prance around proudly .
all the stands are pretty much empty as we get ready to set things up for the race . people start to gather as the start of the race draws near . these two go very fast on the track after the start . getting closer to the finish line , these two contenders push on . bikes and motorcycles racing together , the speed is intense .
we visited one of the newly built homes and it had both advantages and faults . the living room was very well decorated with plenty of light coming through the over-sized windows . the nearby family room had a modern fireplace and tv alcove but the symmetry seemed off . and the basement was not completed . finally the neighboring lots are still empty creating a feeling of loneliness .
the old band decided to reunite for a charity event . [male] has n't missed a beat since he play 's in another band full-time . [male] could use a some water since his voice sounds hoarse . [male] was really having a good time with his old guitar . the concert was a success and raised money for a good cause .
this is our favorite spot for every gathering . the food is top notch . the grounds are perfectly manicured all year round . a stunning view of the lake from the outdoor tables . good friends , an outstanding meal in beautiful surroundings . we always end up taking a walk to digest our meals at the nearby marina .
the people are getting ready to enter the hall . the first speaker engages the crowd with a funny story . a camera man films the speakers . a couple of the crowd members discuss what the speaker just talked about . the crowd applauds when the speaker finishes .
some people call our vacation spot paradise . there would certainly be an argument for that , especially when you look out at the boats . however , the beach is covered with with extremely odd jellyfish type animals . they are enough to completely freak you out . then you see something like the parrots , and you are thinking paradise again .
the landscape offered an escape not a soul around these parts the fog came in early over the bridge and the animals were roaming the ice it was a very cold day indeed
i 'm really not sure which house i want to buy . this one has a very lovely color . but this one is so rustic and i like that . this one is very charming as well . it 's very hard to decide . my friend showed me this one recently and i think it looks nice too . i think i 'm just going to buy this castle instead .
exploring a new city is fun . we walked all over the place . we finally took a break . the kids were hungry ! dad needed a drink ! mom needed one even more !
the little penguins were taking a break from the sun ! we loved our view of the ocean ! the penguins were having fun on the beach ! there were so many penguins ! here i am with my penguin friends in the background .
upon my travels along the beach i come across some strange finds , like this tower in the distance . i wait until night fall to catch a better glimpse of this strange structure . i send my scout gull to see if there is anything dangerous , he reports back that it 's clear . i ride my mighty steed towards the structure to maybe find something cool . upon getting closer , i find this glorious house , which i 'll make my own place to live .
i am going on a trip today . the view on the drive is really great . i have finally arrived at the destination . the inside of this place is huge . i think i will take a little nap before getting started .
today started off like an ordinary work day . little did i know that today would be different than all the rest ! i walked along the crowded location location streets until i came to my office building . i went in and started to work . at the end of the day , i finally got the courage to ask my coworker out . we walked the town and talked a lot . we had a great dinner in a restaurant here . we really hit it off . we talked until dawn , and then i walked her home to her apartment . i ca n't wait to see her again !
our day started by looking at a statue in a fountain . rob had a lot of fun on the roller coaster . the one that straps you in like this is the most scary . i rode the tallest rollercoaster in the state . i rode the same coaster three times in a row before i left the park .
the art museum had new art works . all the art was based on lights . this one has red lights . the many lights piece was interesting . this one looks like star .
my friend eating an ice cream cone . still eating the cone , just from a different view . here comes a big roller coaster that we will be on next . here i am waiting to go up on the swings . time to relax for awhile and go back to the room .
for my first time trying lobster , i wanted to make sure i chose the right one . the size of claws can determine the age of the lobster as well as the kind of lobster . this one looks right . they really are interesting creatures . they are tasty too !
we are preparing the cake for [male] 's birthday surprise . he finally arrives . even if he was an hour late . he blows out his candles and makes a wish . we made our own birthday hats . the party ended with some great wine and awesome friends .
my friends and i went to a parade last week . there were many interesting floats . there were also some weird floats . there was a band playing tribal music . the grand marshal was a woman on stilts that stood 20 feet tall !
hi there . we are a go-getters , a small group of business people . one day our ceo , job had a perfect idea . he said lets release an recruitment ad so we can increase our numbers and take over the world . he was right . after the ad dropped people started coming out of no where to join us . now were are the go-getters , a large group about to take over the world .
this is a festival that i went to the other day . there were a lot of floats and interesting things to see . we met these people who wanted to hang out with us . we saw these girls that were doing all kinds of weird things . we took this last picture right before we went home .
the town prepares for a day of festivities . the street performers start to perform their acts for the crowds . a kid poses for a picture next to them . towards the end of the day people begin to return to their hotels . the night life starts and people watch enthusiastically .
i found allot of old nick nacks in my mind garage this weekend this one is actually a necklace i believe this one is part of a tea set i find this confusing cause i do n't know what it is i have no idea what these things are either
this is an overshot we took while on the plane . when we arrived , we confronted our place to stay in for the night . the homes next door has many colors . after sightseeing , we decided to drink a couple of beers . finally , we relaxed on a hammock with our friendly pet .
i was in a plane . it was cloudy . i could n't see anything . then i could . it was epic !
a beautiful date at a lakehouse the lounge seats outside the lake house where we held memorable late night reminiscing the lake house was a huge structure and we were free to roam as we pleased the outside of the lake house was very rustic and nostalgic when we first arrived at the lake house
`` i finally made it to my vacation ! '' [female] thought as she pulled up to her beach house . `` could this be anymore perfect ? '' she asked her husband , as they put their feet into the sand . `` and the water , it 's so clear ! '' she could n't believe it , that this place could be real . later the two of them went out for a romantic sale . `` oh no the clouds are coming in ! '' she said , seeing a big cloud come , `` let 's get inside ! ''
[male] wanted to take a trip to learn about different types of music . she heard that the location was the birthplace of rock 'n roll , so she planned a trip there . she walked around several neighborhood . she also went downtown and looked around the newer buildings . she really enjoyed the different architecture she saw on her trip .
the speaker stood high above the crowd to be heard . the crowd turned and listened with interest . some of those gathered had traveled there by bicycle . the speaker waved to the crowd before departing . a helicopter was waiting to take him to the next location .
we had a nice night out last weekend . i really enjoyed the conversation . then , some decided to do karaoke . it was hilarious to watch ! afterwards , one karaoke singer hid his face in shame . in the end , it was a fantastic night .
i went to visit a popular city the other day . the view from the bridge was certainly lovely . the roads were empty when we went . we found a cool tunnel and followed it one day . we also spent a lot food and it was so yummy !
getting ready for the marathon , its going to be tough but my body is ready ! so many people here today , the blood is pumping . had to take a break for the tiny cannon , who wouldnt ? the swim part was rough but time to man up . in every race theres a winner , must feel great ! see ya next time .
my first tip to a ballpark was on opening day . there were many people in line to get in . the stands were packed all around the stadium . i even got to enjoy some ice cream . this was the best first date i have ever had !
a group of friends visited location and was greeted by a large statue . inside they attended a lecture that was given . after that , they went outside to see the scenery . they saw a small water dam that was so relaxing . it was such a fun day .
our home , after we cleaned the all the debris up . this is my neighbor 's home and what it looked like after the tornado . they were lucky . this boat had to be tossed over twenty miles to land here . that 's my friend 's car that 's sitting on top of my truck ! we were hit hard , but just down the street , our neighbors lost everything .
the couple rented a motorcycle to ride through the city . the husband looked back to see if the wife was getting a nice shot of him . the husband snapped a picture of the wife and the scenery behind her . they saw a uniquely designed home and snapped a photo . they went to see a beautiful clock tower while on vacation .
my brother finally arrived at the park . we watched the game in the field for a bit before heading off . i thought it would be relaxing to sit by the fountain for awhile . my brother thought it would be relaxing to stick his feet inside . i suppose he likes the feel and look of the water .
i felt compelled to document these stained glass windows . here is the glass over the alter . this little church is not far from my house . my parent 's were married here long ago . even the door hardware is beautiful at this church .
the kids enjoyed the independence day parade . there were clowns . local business marched as well . politicians were out in droves . the fireworks were great at the end .
our boat docked in location location . the beaches were beautiful and we were ready for some sun . the water was crystal clear , perfect for snorkeling . we took the paddle boats out to explore . then we hunted on the beach for some shells to take home .
we arrived at the abandoned train station . the peeling paint was a stark reminder of how deserted this town was . a water tower stood sentinel over the road . stores looked as they did 50 years ago . the church was in remarkably good shape .
plenty of wines were on hand for the event . a delicious-looking cake was just begging to be tasted . small salads were prepared with an assortment of dressings . several different wines were presented to be sampled with the dessert course . the dessert looked almost too good to eat .
it was the annual easter egg hunt and relay race event.all the kids showed up with their baske all the kids showed up with their baskets and ran to find the hidden eggs . after the hunt , the children listened to a story . later they played games . after a brunch with the easter bunny , the kids posed for a group picture .
[female] was so taken with the new puppy . grandma reads a story to [female] . dad , mom and [male] pose with the little darling . [female] plays with her new toys . [female] waits for the puppy to come back with her toy .
the cottage had a very interesting roof . i liked to look through the windows . the trees were changing pretty colors in the fall . the view from the door was interesting . the scare crows scared and and the birds !
going on a hike with their mountain bikes . about to take a hill for the first time in a long time . descending the mountain hill . crossing the forrest , and using a tree branch as a bridge . doing cool tricks with his bikes .
a rocky beach in a black and white photograph . the waves come crashing onto the beach . a bench in the middle of the beach . a couple walk hand in hand along the rocky coastline . sunset over a forgotten beach .
on their road trip , [male] and [male] did many things . before the trip they studied the map they found of the water front . they loved stopping and looking at the boats . their favorite was stop was this restaurant and all the crawdads they ate there . after eating they rented a little tent and snoozed on the beach .
the organization organization organization is a wonderful place to visit . seals can be seen in the choppy waters . small rocks of various sizes cover the peninsula . larger rocks provide a place for seals and birds to rest . a stone monument there makes a great place to take pictures !
our wedding was amazing and we could not wait to start our lives together . our honeymoon was full of lots of historical temples and sights . every night we would take a walk along the beach before dinner . getting ready for our dinner out on the beach . we spent a lot of time relaxing on the beach and swimming in the beautiful blue water .
there was a gay pride parade this weekend . it was crazy the amount of people that showed up . they even carried a rainbow flag . the floats in the parade were also very elaborated decorated . the neighborhood all seemed to think it was fun .
today was the first day of our trip to location ! we were able to get up close to the local wildlife . they have really interesting birds in location . afterwords we did a little sight seeing . we ended the day with a ride on the organization organization .
we drove out to location to check out a house for sale . we toured the model , which was beautiful . it was very elegant . the marble fireplace was hugely impressive . the finished cellar would house my pool table collection nicely . however , the houses were pretty isolated in the middle of no-place . it 's a tough decisions .
here are our two favorite girls at dinner . here our two friends smile for the camera after dinner . we were happy to be together again . the meal was outstanding as it was artwork as well as delicious . here is the happy couple together .
it was very busy this year at the annual dog sled race . there were many competitors from all over the world at the event this year . there were hundreds of dogs in total . they were all happy to be out exercising . some were very determined to win this year .
we decided to take a trip to a local flower farm we heard about . just driving up on it we were already amazed . there arrays of colors were so mesmerizing and beautiful . it was hard for us to decide which color we liked the best . even the office for the flower farm was gorgeous .
bike riding with my buddies we take on the challenge of the trechorous riding conditions we see many accidents along the way and stop at the local watering hole and enjoy some of their tasty treats
this little boy spent his afternoon on the beach . the waves were calm that day and it was a cool day . he spent alot of time just watching the waves . he even decided to build a sand castle . unfortunately the waves knocked it over .
we got wasted we had a winter beach party everyone dressed up for the event lots of hotties came some were on mushrooms
starting my journey a slug nestled on the rocks a field of flowers close up of the rocks i climbed over the ending shot of the day
we had the table set up early for the birthday party . we bought the cakes from a specialty bakery and it was beautiful . the kids were really excited . grandma came to celebrate the kids ' birthdays . here are some of the gifts that the kids ' received .
i love visiting the park with my dog scruffy . when we arrived scruffy started running around immediately . scruffy quickly found a stick and brought it to me . i threw the stick as far as i could . scruffy brought it back and we relaxed for the rest of the day .
being invited to the organization organization is an honour that many dont get to claim . there is a special detail just for the music ! the desserts are just as fancy though they are very common as well , not totally exotic . the best part about it is the signature objects that have the seal on it . even on the napkins ! i didnt think i would even get to meet the president but here he was , walking among everyone and i even got to say hello . being invited to the organization organization is a major event and seeing the president ( and first lady ) up close is definitely something to write home about !
the newlyweds were excited to host their first christmas dinner ! the decorations were beautiful . they lit candles on the dining room table to make it feel cozy . the food was carefully prepraed . it was a beautiful night for all of the family !
our local town had a community day parade . the high school band played in it . neighbors with fancy cars drove it it , too . the fire department showed of it 's newest truck . they also showed off their oldest truck . the best part was when the firemen threw candy to us !
the little girl was happy and her friend was too . the dress up was nice and there were cool costumes on everyone .
in the living room , we read and talked about life . we traveled to the airport to scout planes for a bit . when that was boring , we traveled to the beach to have fun . my friends made a wooden home and we snapped photos of the creation . we took the bus back to the hotel when we were done .
it was nice to see all the kids get involved in the parade . the little girl holding the flag looked like she was having a blast . the guys who sponsored the parade were happy to see it go off successfully streets were closed during the parade speeches were made during the parade and during the finale everyone was thanked
the group gathered together to start the event . people lined up to the table to get registered and signed in . the group reviewed the paperwork as they stood in line . the director stood at the podium and spoke the agenda for the day . everyone stood behind the red ribbon to end the ceremony .
everyone was so excited to finally get their team picture in the yearbook . the coaches stood around congratulating each other . they also congratulated our team . the team lined up to take their group shot . the picture came out really well .
my coworker is camera shy and does n't want to take her picture . this is the meal that i ordered from a mexican restaurant , during lunch . taking a coffee break in the morning before starting my work for the day . my morning commute to work , driving my red toyota camry . my shoes looked polished before heading out to work .
our jam night had quite a variety of talent and instruments . we had a mandolin player . no blue grass jam is complete without a banjo . of course the steel guitar is a must . then you add an upright bass and a fiddle player . to complete the ensemble we have our guitar .
there was a sausage and fried chicken supper at the vfw hall tonight . many families came , as well as many young people . the food was delicious , and people really enjoyed visiting with their friends and neighbors .
it 's spring time and we decided to throw a spring party . first , the husband cleaned up the yard and hung some bird houses . our son came outside to help . our neighbors came over to share a bit of wine on the deck . then we moved inside to eat supper . finally , my husband surprised me with my very own hammock in the yard !
it was my first trip to location location location ! the architecture on some of the buildings was astounding . we saw this huge boat at the river . it 's the biggest i 've ever seen ! we stopped at this local cafe for lunch . even the cafe had some incredible architecture !
birthdays and christmas . that 's how we celebrate . the baker did an excellent job on our cake . my twin brother and i celebrate our holiday birthday . and mom joined us for a picture . then time for our gifts . i loved everything !
we spent the day at the beach . and the nights at the pool hall . if i bank it off the right side , i 'll sink that 8 ball . and he told me he never played pool . selfie time . i 'm going to share my friends .
a bunch of us went to a party . these two dorks wore the same shirt . here 's the alcoholic of the group . alcohol and fire do not mix . alcohol and cameras do n't mix either , you get blurry pics .
went vist alittle city that i always wanted to vist to my surprise it was magnifent we saw some really strange anmails there was also some nice markets as well we also took a boat ride
i went to my boyfriend 's first hockey game of the season . there he is getting onto the ice . i was so excited . the teams got ready for the puck to drop . it seemed to take the referee forever . let 's get this game going ! and off they went , the start of his first game of the year .
we decided to go for a drive since there was n't anything else to do . we drove by the train tracks and a train was going by . the train was carrying some interesting cargo , including this crazy truck . it looks like they must have been carrying circus things too . once it finally went through and ended we were on our way to go home .
i took my family to the fair last weekend . there was a huge ferris wheel . i had a great time . we stayed all night . on the way back we took the train .
having fun , clowning around on vacation . sunscreen needed for an awesome day at the beach . at a very historic monument . what a cool entrance to the beach and also the hotel . ca n't go wrong with fresh crab , yum !
the kid is jumping in the pool and the girl is nervous about her grandpa getting in . her dad holds her and she is happy .
we visited a local church that was being renovated this weekend . the building is fairly small but has lots of detail . we especially liked the front door , complete with antique key . the stained glass was also impressive . the interior looked like new , this was a great restoration and we will certainly visit again .
the christmas parade is always fun to watch . this year the parade had a organization theme . here is [male] mouse riding on a float ... and here is [male] again with [female] . the women dressed as snowflakes made it very festive .
here are some images from our travel . look at this lighthouse - it looks so solitary out there in the water . this bridge looks quite nice lit up at night -- does n't seem as neat in the bright of day ! the organization organization organization organization - a historical building in location . another shot of the organization organization organization organization . the sky was a wonderful blue that day . some graffiti i was especially excited by . mr. t !
after the sun went down , it was time for the fireworks to begin . they had large red ones go off in the sky . then there was some blue ones that were added . after that there was some bright white lights in the sky . at the end , they had many fireworks up in the sky .
all the friends gathered that night to enjoy a night of party and fun . jokes were cracked between these two couples . uncle [male] decided that he wanted to do karaoke ! this was the reaction of most of us : embarrassment . even uncle [male] took a chance at singing too !
we rode in to town on the trolly , no fuss , no mess . our dogs were with us , tired after a long day of sleeping , apparently . we took a few hours to see some star wars films , as pictured here . the family ! it was almost night by now , but the artificial lights were strong . the harvest moon ... the perfect sight on which to end the most beautiful day .
the performers marched to the house yard . they danced around while everyone watched . some of the kids joined in . while other children were content to watch . they danced their way into the house .
the annual bike race was held today . bikers from all over the state lined up for the start in the park . this man was the clear leader throughout most of the race . unfortunately , a bad spill took him out of the lead . he left without a trophy , but with lots good memories .
this morning [male] and i went for a walk on the beach . the weather was great and made for a beautiful start to the day . [male] insisted on getting his toes wet , as usual . it is so peaceful watching the waves come in and the sun come up . what a great way to start the morning , at the beach with my [male] .
there was a company party held , with everyone in attendance . the owners of the company were there , too . the top salespeople had their own table . the people from the shipping department got their own table as well . the highlight of the night was when the ceo made his speech .
at night the ferris wheel came alive . the colors drew the attention of crowds from all over the area . the ride fluctuated in color throughout the night , changing from one to another and back again . the reflection on the water appeared almost magical . the rest of the cityscape was not to be discounted either !
at the end of school , every year our school goes to this nature reserve for the school trip . the reserve had beautiful purple flowers ! they have a lot of wooden bridges , walkways , and piers for us to walk on . they needed to build the pier because they have a lake . my girlfriend joanie and i really had a fun time , but thank god we are seniors !
we had never seen this kind of culture and as we walked closer to the architectural masterpiece , we were amazed ... the leprechaun statue was a site to behold ... and , then we saw the woman that appeared to me mixed with a lion . this would not exist in location culture.. we took some more pictures before departing , including the home from afar and , as we exited , there was a display that possessed many old artifacts . a great way to close the tour .
the storm destroyed a lot of property . clean up would take a very long time . home owners had lots of work to do . many cars were destroyed . there was damage up and down the streets .
my brother sat awkwardly at my parents , ready for his gifts . my mother made him read every card out loud ! he pretended to be thrilled with this travel mug but i know he has enough of those . he was wondering if the family party was over so he could go drink with friends . one last gift , brother , and you 'll soon be free of this stiff party .
we found some beautiful penguins on our trip to location location . some let us get right up close to them . the penguins would tend to hang out in groups . a few penguins separated from the crowd . my sister could n't resist a picture with the little lovelies , but did n't want to scare them so we took it from the barrier .
josh is having a very good time watching the game with his friends at a local sports bar . the game has just begun and his favorite team is already in the lead . half time comes and josh talks to [female] for a little while . josh laughs so hard at his friend mikes joke that he literally spit some of his drink out of his mouth . the game is now over and josh 's team lost . josh is upset , and now ready to go home .
the marathon was on a fall saturday . teams competed to raise money for different causes and the spectators could vote on the best presentation . the race started at the center of campus . one part of the marathon circled the campus lake . the winner of the charity drive was announced after the race was over .
we decided to take a trip to go camping in the mountains last week . we hiked up pretty high . it was so beautiful up there . we set up camp and had a really good time . this was a great trip . i know we will be doing it again soon .
[male] 's dad reserved a restaurant just to celebrate his 22nd birthday . [male] got too drunk and tied a lanyard around his head . his friend bucky brought a tub of tobacco to share . a stuffed unicorn made the party even better . khristian tried to comfort [female] who was too drunk to sit up .
our group went sightseeing on our recent trip . we saw some beautiful buildings . the interior of this one was amazing ! we even ran into an old friend while we were sightseeing . we really enjoyed our trip .
we are checking out the lodge to decide if we should have our family reunion here . it seems to have a lot of space and place for the kids to run . the hallways are nice and big . i love the look of the lodge , but the thing that finally decided it for us was the view of the lake . it is a gorgeous place and we are definitely having our family reunion here .
the astrology lecture was eagerly anticipated by the enthusiasts . everyone was interested to see the latest slides . though there was one glitch during the presentation . it was an interesting lecture . this was by far my favorite slide .
we went to a car show with a lot of old ambulance trucks . they where all restored pretty well . all of them had new logos and designs . they where all very well done . many of them where quite classic .
we went to the park to visit my friends grave . the swans were there with their babies . they swam around . it was a lot of fun to watch the boats zoom down the rivers . the ducks followed .
my girlfriend and i finally got to visit location in the spring . the mirror attraction is strange but so unique . there are so many nice houses in the area when you walk past downtown . there are even houses that look the exact same but with different paint . this is my favorite house and i wish i could live here .
a beautiful unique design of a hat from a foreign land beautiful abstract colors seen here the child was standing there wearing their unique and colorful outfit they played the traditional instruments they enjoyed the celebration from a distance land
the parade was going through main street . this highschool band had been preparing their song for a few weeks . this clown was enjoying showing off his clown talents . the civil war soldiers even showed up to re-enact marching . the firefighters brought their firetruck through the parade and everyone had a good time .
old building rusty and in bad shape with roof falling in looking at the barn from a distance looks old and down and on the side kind of torn real bad the old barn is made of wood and tin barn can be repaired and fixed up but going to take some time
she was almost done getting her things out of the cart . they were having fun hanging out at the houe . they took a lot of pictures . they were a bunch of goofballs . she had picked up a stuffed rabbit that day as a gift .
on our first day in the country , we decided to look around . we saw new kinds of plants . the building in the country were huge and intricately built . even the money was new to us . after our sight seeing trip , we decided that the country had many beautiful things about it .
the tour group is visiting some local ruins on their tour . this statue is either a dragon or a cat , they ca n't decide . the group decides to explore the local ruins . after the dry dusty desert it is time to look at a local garden . it is amazing that you can have an oasis in the middle of the desert .
i 've never been to the cottage in the winter . the whole lake was frozen . you could literally walk across the the mountains in the distance . we laid out some candles to keep warm at night . the kids did some arts an crafts inside because it was too cold out . at the end of the week though the snow melted , it was nice while it lasted .
on a bright and sunny day it looks good for a bike ride . so that`s just what this individual did this morning . he and his friend decided to go riding on a dirt trail . they had fun all day riding their bikes . doing jumps and tricks are the best things to do .
my wife and i spent 4th of july at the beach . my brother brought over some super hot sauce . after dinner we went down to the beach . we thought lighting fireworks by the water was the safest way to do it . it made for some interesting pictures .
the entrance of the restaurant has a view of the city . shovels are outside along the garden area . looking over the porch i admire the landscape . fresh fruit lines the serving table . the back side of the restaurant is best being out of sight .
party time ! all the kids got together for a great experience at the location location , including little [male] . first [male] helped some older boys play an arcade game . then he watched some sports from a glass panel . back at the party , he walked the multi-colored road . finally , he was rewarded with cotton candy !
on my last trip downtown i decided to check out that big new sculpture in the plaza . it is so shiny that it 's like a mirror . you can actually check your makeup in it . i heard that the sculptor lived in an artsy neighbor nearby and had small sculptures in her yard , so i walked around a bit looking for it . but all i found were houses that made me think of hobbit holes . and , one house that was kind of institutional-looking . but , no sculptures in any yards .
[male] was celebrating his birthday and it was karaoke night . his friends dedicated the first performance to him . they then sang love shack in his honor . not to be outdone , jason sang endless love . he was feeling groovy and wanted to bust a move so he sang beat it .
the family was on a boating trip when they saw a boy on shore . the home had many trees and so did the beach where a romantic couple shared a kiss .
the construction crew was hard at work . they were repaving a road . they did some work by hand . they did some with the machines . they had a job well done !
all the chords setup to practice music . the keyboard setup that john likes to get wild on . me playing the drums before everyone else got there we use these contolls to make everything sound real funky what the studio looks like from the outside
i went to the beach last week . there were some boats there . i helped them build some more boats . it took a long time . i had a great time there .
the entire family went out on a hike today . it was a long journey . we saw awesome views . almost to our destination . everybody was tired but happy at the end .
we went on a sight-seeing trip , check out this old mill building we saw . then we saw some amazing graffiti art ; it almost looks 3d . there was a car that someone completely covered in post-it notes . this really old building looks like a castle or a fortress . after sight-seeing , we stopped and got some ice cream .
the marathon was about to begin . hundreds of runners had been training for this event . hot girls dressed up in bunny uniforms . other super sexy girls wore butterfly outforms . even this sexy babe was able to finish the race .
a person spent the day in the city on the 4th of july . the person admired the architecture of the nearby buildings . a small abandoned pier made for a scenic picture . as the sun set , the city came alive with color . shortly thereafter , a large display of fireworks was shown .
i do n't get out in the sun much . when i do , i wear stupid hats . then i look at flags . sometimes i eat cake . with a guy wearing a backward backpack .
we went on vacation and stayed at the location location hotel . the outside of the building was very impressive . we could n't believe they had a organization wheel . the inside of the hotel was even more impressive then the outside . we had never been to such a luxurious hotel .
location had many different sites . the couple took a picture in front of one of them . they bought a bottle of champagne to celebrate later . they drank it later that night with friends . they also had food with their wine .
my sister had her birthday yesterday . the whole family came over . we had a big cake . she got lots of presents . we had fun celebrating her birthday .
the boy loves the beach . the brother and sister like to play . the boy is making a sand castle . the girl is going to help . the foot prints are cute .
the christmas lights event was a blast . the canadian flag was lit up in the sky . there were little objects to buy , and more lights to see as the night went on . we had a great time .
i saw the birthplace of rock 'n ' roll . there were some pretty houses around . this house was typical of the homes around there . but the commercial area had this incredible building that dominated everything . however , at night , this is lovely to see .
it was a sunny day . a perfect day for a parade . we saw so many different things . cross dressing white guys , and drummers beating out a tribal rhythm . there where many floats . some where big and some where small . the crowds where thick with people . almost everyone had something festive about them .
here 's the little one posing in a little jungle . [male] girl is taking a dip in the pool with her loving daddy . she likes to lounge in the pool after a hard day . sweet mommy and the little on are having quality time together . she is such a little ham when the camera is around .
the birthday girl doing her best hip hop dj impression for her guests . she wore her hat like that for the rest of her party . all her friends came and she loved opening all the presents they gave her . after the food and presents , they hung around the house , waiting to be taken to the next event . the movie they wanted to see was playing soon , so they were driven to the theater and waited there for the movie to start . the movie was a 3d movie so they all looked like rockstars as they put on their 3d glasses to watch the movie .
here is a highschool basket ball team for the first time this year.they worked hard in jr high and now here they are competing high school level doing a great job . we are the blue team and the other players are doing great this year as well . im excited to see where we all go this year . getting ready for a shot ... almost made it..wait..got it went right over the other teams hands ! the game is almost over and we are winning by a few points .
a racer parks his car and heads to the event . an american flag is raised at the starting line . individuals are given numbers to identify themselves . people begin to race as the gun sounds . at the finish line , racers can see their time .
there was a teapot in the train for the guests . the city had very nice buildings . the sky was a bit foggy . the lake was a more scenic place to visit . lastly , a peanut snack shop was located on the streets .
we started at the top of the slope in the morning . we made our way down the slope slowly . it got a little cloudy outside and the conditions seemed dangerous . we made it to the bottom safely . at the end of the day we had some spaghetti .
a few friends gathered for dinner one day . we had an entree of fish . it was really tasty ! one of the friends brought over a salad , which we had with the fish . for dessert they either had a choice of fresh fruit or strawberry pie . they chose the strawbeery pie , which was the overwhelming favorite ! it was a great dinner !
an easy way to get around the park was to use transportation . this ride took fans from one side to the other . slowly it climbed as it crossed roads and passersby below . the ornate detailing of the car made it fun to be in . it ended with a large sculpture indicating they 'd reached the end .
me and the guy , s out for lunch.can , t wait to sit down and fill up our belly , s . the food here is great . i am going to take a ride in my new smart car.its very small.i think i , m going to like it much better then my old one . this is my new home and today i , m moving into this brick apartment building . it , s lonely sitting around here waiting for my friend , s to show up and join me.hope they get here soon . me and my buddy , s decided to come and spend the day here at the top of the building to watch the view .
dad dyed his beard green to celebrate location location day . mom wore green gloves . i got in the spirit by wearing a green wig . people here really get in the spirit , even the water was green . we even got to go on a boat ride .
so he decided to try using the horn . that did n't work either . [male] tried to blow them out , but it did n't work . so the candles were lit . he thought it would be best to let someone else blow out the candles while he opened his gifts he had a big pile of gifts to open up .
the city is a wonderful pace . you ca n't around on the water . this building is wonderful . nature is also beautiful in a city . the trees are in full bloom .
there was a bright ball off in the distance . we wondered what it could be . the orange glow began to grow . our hearts started to beat faster . in an instance we knew it was a forest fire . the orange glow and smoke took over the sky . we began to see flames leaping up over the trees . sirens could be heard off in the distance . as we hoped and prayed that everyone was okay , the fire trucks were clearly on their way to fight this amazing fire .
we recently traveled along a vast river in a jungle . there were people on boats going up and down the river . we stopped for lunch at a restaurant on the river . after lunch , we watched children playing at the base of this large tree . we also saw many wild creatures along the way .
i am a photographer that likes to show a different perspective of a familiar city . while most cities have statues , this modern take of the happy face intrigues me . from this perspective , the ferris wheel becomes an interesting monument reaching for the sky . with this shot , i can imagine living in a domed city . a moment of curiosity between a woman and her reflection .
we are walking downtown to attend the art fair . the street is blocked to keep things safe . the kids are working over some snacks . i 'm enjoying the moment . my wife smiles back .
i go to estate and garage sales and buy boxes of photos , among other antiques . i 'm not sure what to say about this but collecting them makes me feel like each one has a story to tell . those faces so fresh and bright , memories of things and places that those photos hold always mystifies me when i look at them . so many memories held in amber . these photos mark a time in a moment that can not be recreated . it is amazing to me to find these photos and making my own stories and memories of these strangers . i love these old treasures .
i dressed my oldest son as a monkey for halloween . he loved it but did n't like getting his picture taken . his friends all wore very cute costumes like bees and dinosaurs . my youngest did n't wear a costume and just sat in the stroller . while my wife watched my youngest , i took my oldest son on the bumper cars and showed him how to drive .
when the fair comes to town , everyone gets excited . the children love the horses , and riding them . they love all the rides and the amusement . there are even games at the fair , for everyone to play . at the end of the day , the tractor gives the kids free rides around the fairgrounds .
i went on a desert tour over the summer . this is our caravan as we left . there was nothing but sand for quite some time . eventually we ran across a stone ridge . believe it or not , there were green plants growing there .
when i arrived at the colorful parade this old man pointed me out and commented on my outfit . from the get go i noticed that many of the girls had on some amazing outfits . noticing that i was taking pictures these girls call over others to get in on the photo . not only where there dressed up girls there , but there were also people wearing some pretty interesting masks . the leader of the parade making a funny pose for the cameras around me .
the crazy french had their annual crazy car fest . this car mocked [male] armstrong . the horses on these were based on the location location . this little guy told patrons they needed to eat pork . and this device went last and cleaned up the streets with a vacuum .
i was out driving one day . i saw a huge cross in the middle of no where . the sunset was really beautiful . there were a couple of birds flying around . when i got to the beach it was just in time to sit and watch the sunset .
some friends hung out together on cinco de mayo . they all bought huge sombreros to wear . they enjoyed some delicious nachos dipped in cheese . finally they took a swing at a pinata . they broke it open and scrambled for the candy !
some people ride a sail boat in their new country , . they stop to take in the scenery . then , they stop to see some church . after , they decide to walk through the forest . hours later , they go back to the docks to lock up their boat .
the hurricane was very violent . a lot of trees were knocked down . more were falling every hour . most of the plants were destroyed . i decided to get out of there when i had a chance .
there were plenty of boats near the ocean . it was n't very crowded that day . there were some other tourists though . many of the parts of the house were interesting . the design of the chapel was beautiful .
the soldiers were getting acquainted before the speech . the ambassador greets the military commanders . the ambassador is briefed on the agenda of the day . the ambassador delivers the speech and emphasizes his commitment . he tries to gain their support for helping his nation as well .
someone has traveled to the town center for an event . they take some memorable photos of a snow-covered boat as well as a statue in the town square and a picturesque windmill . everyone then gathers for a town bonfire event .
having the family over for dinner tonight ! better get ready . preparing the meal for the family is a lot of work ! i need to make sure that everything is just right . putting the finishing touches on the meal . my family should be here soon ! now let 's enjoy the meal with my family . i hope they enjoy it !
two penguins were sitting in the bushes . we admired the view of the ocean . there were many penguins on the beach . the penguins looked cool near the waves . my friend wore her sun hat near the penguins .
the people were at the party and having a drink . they were listening to music and they had a romantic night kissing each other .
my friend asked me if i wanted to go spelunking . i got one look at the entrance and decided not to go . while we were there we found a creepy old door . what could possibly be behind it ? we found this carving in a tree that 's nearly 100 years old .
family restoring the old cabin and preparing a mini barbecue . driving the truck through the field . uncle attempt to drive the truck having fun and hanging from the door . driving back home after a long day in the field .
the skating team were practicing their routine . as the girls competed , the spectators watched . it was n't all skating , there was sometime for picture taking . do n't they look great . after they competed they got to be spectators , like everyone else . they needed the erst . after all the work , it paid off and the team had won first place . they looked so proud with the trophy .
we stopped here while on vacation . the water was beautiful . the beach was rocks , not sand . the birds there were huge . my wife found an old fireplace and thought it was a shrine .
the mountain we had to conquer stood directly in front of us . our group started our trek up the mountain . the higher we got , the better the views were . we finally reached one of our checkpoints , a large cross atop the mountain . after a long hike some of us wanted to cool down in the creek .
i got off the train at the station . it was desolate around here . there was a squirrel watching me . i walked to the top of the cliff and looked out . the view was amazing .
everyone was pumped up for the adventure con event . the day started off with a short presentation over a projector . afterwards , we had the opportunity to meet with several actors and receive autographs . some were even advertising movies they were featured in . compared to inside of the building , outside was filled with people in their costumes .
[male] and his father got together to celebrate [male] 's birthday . they joked around for the camera . then it was time to open presents . [male] 's cake looked delicious . he made a wish and got ready to blow out the candles .
last summer we visited this quaint island just off the coast . the island is home to many old buildings , like this beautiful old chapel . the stones on this traditional house were weathered from years of coastal winds . dark cellars connected many of the buildings , and the air in here was cool and heavy . before we left we grabbed this stunning picture of the coastline .
we approached the building in the distance . it had a giant course in front of it . then we could see the castle in the distance . even from that distance it was amazing . we walked near old ruins and saw the sights on the way back .
[male] decided to take a walk in the woods one sunday . [male] walked around the lake first . he then took the path towards the forest . in the forest he enjoyed the fall trees . [male] took one more lap around the lake before he headed home .
we got a puppy for christmas . he grew very fast and so did our sons . we bought our youngest son a mouse . my biggest son was moving off to college . we gave him a goodbye cake .
today , the group of friends have an adventure . their adventure is in a rural town . there is n't much civilization out here , however , there is a pool and drinks to cool everyone off . the friends are having a great time , but think they would have a great time wherever they were .
the new snowfall covered the ground . it was n't very much . in some places , the sun had already melted it . other places , it was still barely on the ground . it was pretty thick in my backyard however .
kid opening his christmas gift and using them . he is laying back on his new chair laughing and having fun . christmas breakfast is on the table . a picture of the christmas tree and all the gifts . dad and son playing cards at the kitchen table .
the folk band played a cover of a beatles song . rich was trying to find his sword . he had a hunch that [male] took it . rich went to go approach [male] in anger . [male] left and left behind an owl .
this one of the food selections they offer at the chinese restaurant . everybody is sitting down and eating their meal . a chinese venue is outside and people are waiting on line to get some food . this is one of the soups offered at the venue . a man is getting some gas at a local gas station .
this beautiful old village we visited last month truly seemed like a testament to human resilience . we could only guess as to the reason why so many homes lay in rubble . still , life still found a way to subsist in the ruinous conditions . it even sprouted on the rooftops ! fresh graffiti on the walls told a story of people surviving and wanting their voices to be heard . as we left we took note of vibrant life once again , as small children laughed and played in the street .
here it was : our plane that would transport us around . the first stop on the trip was location location location . we visited a small waterfall in the park where salmon could be found . we set up shop and decided to do some fly fishing . after a long day we sat down by the banks and looked out for the bald eagle .
the airplane flew through the clouds . the passenger kept track of his progress as he took pictures through his window . they flew high above cities . they began their descent . the plane arrived at the airport .
the waiter showed us the wine that we would be having for the evening . the bottle was shaped rather nicely . the coffee was placed in cone shaped mugs . and the martinis were lit up on the bottom . [male] ordered a green martini
i spent some time walking around downtown last night . after a few hours i went to the subway to head back home . the train came and took me back to my neighborhood . afterward i finally arrived home . the view from my house is great .
we drove 500 miles down to our ranch . we had a lot of fun there . the ocean breeze felt great . after a long day of fun , we went inside to rest . unfortunately , one of the girls died in her sleep . her spirit watches over us all .
we arrived early at the airport to wait on our flight . when we landed the sky was cloud free and so blue . we took some time to walk in the ocean at the end of the day . we waited and watched the sunset on the beach . when it was time to go we took a bus back to our hotel .
on vacation to location location , we wanted to try out a new mexican restaurant we had heard about . here it is ! it looks like it is a sri lankan restaurant though . and it looks closed . we snuck inside anyway , just in case maybe someone was there to make us some food . nobody was there , so we made our own . chicken wings ! my friend made something triangular . i 'm not sure what it is , actually . we put money for our food on the counter and left .
this church has old viking statues . this coffin was made by vikings 1000 years ago . the church still has services today . the old building was around 500 years old . this viking ship was in the basement museum of the church .
i went to go visit my grandma 's farm . they had cute looking dogs . they had a picnic outside with the neighbors . she had a lot of horses on the farm . i dressed up her statue dog as well .
he had put up the decorations for the celebration . he was looking forward to a day off . he thought he 'd go for a hike . maybe do a little fishing . if the fish were n't biting he could always go hunting .
the july 4th fireworks show is always fun to watch . thousands of people show up to see the show . there is usually a nice variety of fireworks . the music that accompanies the show is also nice . the finale is always our favorite part of the night .
we visited an old church . the paintings on the walls were amazing . then we saw that it had plenty of seats for everyone . after that the found a candle menorah . we took a lot of pictures of the arc ways over the doors .
such a great tradition . so many years . such a catharsis . i love the symbolism . it was a wonderful experience .
the most exciting part of our visit to comic con was the parade . there was a wide range of paraders , including chinese dragons . the dancers and performers were very extravagant . the queen of the parade got many of the men in the crowd fired up . it was a great start to comic con , and really set the mood for the wackiness that was to come .
my aunt came over for a family dinner . we had all the tables set up outside because it was a beautiful day . the kids played with a ribbon . it was finally time to eat . they kids posed for a picture in their matching shirts .
i went to my sister 's birthday party . it was lots of fun . our brother was there too and he came by to say hi . it 's been awhile since we 've seen him . uncle [male] was there as well , he was up to his regular antics . even my cousin was n't safe from his craziness . also [male] , jr was there , yeah the apple does n't fall far from the tree .
the maroon walls were clean cut . i did not know most of the building was painted in the maroon color . across the street , there was a home with red painting on white walls . i decided to visit the shop to get some supplies . this part of the city is dried up .
the party started at 11:00 the dj was getting warmed up . something had to change because people were getting bored . then walked through the door was the senior dj . she took control of the night .
a customer comes into the store to get some food . the waitress , after putting in the order , gladly gets the food for the customer . she also gets some drinks because the customer is very thirsty . the customer sits down to have a meal with their companion . the customer is still thirsty so the waitress gets another drink .
we walked into boudin , ready for a night on the town . the breads were amazing , and we , unfortunately , filled up on them . i had n't had hot cross buns since i was a kid , so i had to buy a few of those . after our heavy spending , the wait staff was nice enough to let us snap a few pictures of the kitchen . we probably spent too much , but this was a nice start to a decent night out .
the group went for a sightseeing tour on a boat . they had a beautiful view of the city 's skyline from the river . after the tour they went to picnic that had a great assortment of food . choices included a tray of fresh , healthy sandwiches . the picnic also included a shrimp boil and everyone loved it .
i love visiting this old church , it helps me relax and i love the beautiful windows , this is one of my favorite pieces in the church , it makes me happy to see it . i met a random girl while i was relaxing in the church , she seems to like me . she got too close for comfort and tried to kiss me , not in my church ! ew i told her i was not interested in her at all and ditched her by a statue outside the church .
the haunted fair was in town . we looked at the creepy ads and headed in . it had some standard rides of course . we went down the line , one after the other . then we finished our night at the biggest ride there and headed home .
[male] visits an antiques shop . he finds some old signs and stuff . he glances over and sees some typewriters that he really likes . continuing to look around at the typewriters he is debating weather to buy one or not . he quickly learns that none of the items are for sale and it makes him really sad .
for easter we cooked a delicious ham . for the kids we got them different candy eggs . we also got pocky sticks . we got a few of my favorite foreign candies . we also had sugar donut holes .
this is a old house that has a lot of work to be done on the windows need a lot of repairing from broken glass and also the area of the house needs to be clean but overall the land can be brought back up to living status
here i am reviewing some notes before my next test at school . the party is on and our brother is caught in the mix ! he poses for the camera with the flower he picked out for his girl . here we are having fun on the ping pong table . here i am making a funny face for my selfie .
having a party to show my art skills . gon na put up balloons and have some cupcakes . [female] everyone enjoys . here i am tying the last balloon what a busy day . hey , he said nice party . did you see her amazing photography , great work for a beginner .
today was a beach day . i climbed some cliffs . took some photos of the cliffs . then i went back to town . i was right on target .
the one gay pride parade i went to was very interesting . there were rainbows everywhere . it was fantastic seeing everyone so united . the floats were pretty humorous . lots of people came out to support .
a husband and wife look out at the horizon and see a body of water . they go for a walk and get closer to the lake that they saw in the distance . a sick individual had placed a beer can in the hands of a dead animal . the couple makes their way to a local restaurant . they meet their friends at the restaurant and have a great dinner .
we stood outside and looked up at the dark sky . there were fireworks in the distance above the bridge . they were bright and beautiful above the water at night . they shot up into the air like a big ball . the final ones were amazing , and they seemed to light up the entire sky with color .
[female] went to visit a church on her vacation . she did n't know what this monkey was supposed to represent , but she thought it was funny . she thought the church was so beautiful she wanted a picture with it . outside the church she decided to take a selfie later she saw a statue that looked like her and took a picture with it .
we took our family to the county fair . we started the day with our daughter riding the ponies . next my son went down a huge rainbow slide . my husband tried his hand at the day game and managed to win two prizes for the kids . my favorite was the big farm tractors .
i went for a walk yesterday . i had a great time on the bus . when we got off there was some food . it was delicious . i also had something to drink .
he was born to be a pilot . he had spent hours pretending with his video games as a child . now , here he was flying over cities . taking off from airports all over the globe . landing in new destinations , what a thrill .
we got to the beach to spend our day . first , we had to set up our beach site . then our family are lunch together . after a bit , mom let us go play in the waves . by the end of the day , my brothers and i were exhausted and fell asleep .
we visited a local cafe it was nice and bright inside and the service was excellent we had the run of the whole place there were coffee and pastries for sale the coffee was excellent and i ordered an espresso
here is [male] reading the scripture before the sermon . the youth choir performed a selection . here is the speaker for the night taking her scripture . here is a two new visitors to the church for the night . our beloved and faithful congregation getting ready for a church hymn .
a family got together to see a school play that their friend [male] was in . the play was long but very interesting . there was singing . after they took [male] to a restaurant to celebrate . they talked and laughed , and everyone had a good time .
we went to the summer concert today . it was quite crowded and there were some very cool balloons . [female] and [male] took the stage and the crowd cheered . [male] performed a solo song which the crowd loved . after the concert , many people lingered for awhile just to socialize further .
we are going to the museum today . there are all sorts of nice displays all over . the place looks pretty fancy everywhere . the paintings are grand to look at . they even have some sculptures around .
today i visited a cathedral for spring break . i even managed to get outside with nature too . it was a very historic place the trees were in full bloom . it was a fun place and i want to go back next year .
the family gathered together for [female] 's birthday party . her mom and dad helped her unwrap her presents . [female] was overwhelmed with the number of gifts given to her by her family . grandma sat with her and read her one of her favorite books she got her . [female] enjoyed all of her gifts , however , her favorite was her stuffed animal !
we tried to do some very unique photography shots of the family . this flag that is carved in wood , is very creative . this photo of my husband and i makes me laugh . we were sitting around waiting to see the results of our photo shoot . this photo of my baby i did not like , and i wanted it to be deleted .
the old village had some ancient sights . the walls were completely covered in moss . as were the graves in the area . some of the bricks were more moss than brick . we even saw an ancient gravestone while we were there .
today we took the holidays afloat day trip on the lake . we loved swimming in the blue water . we also had fun fishing . even if our fish was so small . we settled on a more substantial dinner . a moonlight ride was a beautiful ending to the day .
last night my friend and i went on a tour of location location . there was beautiful artwork everywhere . there were even lighted art pieces littering the streets . the lights of the big city were dizzying . i love location location .
the first thing i saw at the zoo was a cool elephant . a lone giraffe named [male] roamed in search of food . the flamingos were pinker this year than two years ago . sometimes penguins want to assert their dominance . the aviary let humans feed birds as long as they spent money .
watching fireworks show for the 4th of july . a firework going up the sky . this was a huge one . huge explosion over our heads . god bless location and the home of the brave .
we all needed a break from the stress of holidays and work , so my friends and i went out to the local bar . i told my buddy a joke , but i do n't think he found it funny . we were goofing around a lot ! the holiday decor was pretty neat , ribbons and lights . after a few more beers , i think my jokes were going over better !
practice for our congregation . sing those hymns girl ! praising the lord ! glory be ! he 's the bassist i 've seen in a while . they sound magical together . even the elders have turned out to give a listen .
the event began with a small word from our sponsor . next , the boy scouts gave a small demo . all of the participants stood on the stage . some of the students had interesting projects . the scouts took a group picture at the end .
i went to the concert last weekend . i had a great time there . the band was great . there were many children there as well . they performed for a couple of hours .
it was a grandmother 's birthday today . her son brought the family and decided to film the entire event . all of the grandmother 's friends and family came to celebrate and eat cake . the cake was the biggest hit of the event because it was a nice blue color . the day ended with the grandmother spending quality time with her grandchildren !
we crossed the bridge heading over the water . to our right was a little diner . we got out and walked among people sitting and enjoying the view of the water . we stood and looked through the fence at the gulls flying and landing on the water . our day was complete so we headed home back over the bridge .
visiting aztec in location with the whole family . the mayan ruins . they said it has n't been touched but i can tell they remodeled it . some of the old buildings that the mayans used to live in . some bananas in our room . still waiting for them to ripe . downtown . not very mayan like .
the downtown area was crowded as there had been protests and riots . many structures in the city were badly damaged . workers cleaned up the broken glass and graffiti . they hauled the larger damaged goods off in vans . people began to calm down and started heading out of the area .
we prepared for the big equestrian event today . the horses were really amazing , running through the course with ease . here is one of the competitors just before it 's his turn . everyone had a really great time at the event . this is the horse that won the event . he was a really nice horse !
today we went searching for the best view in the park . on the way we found some ancient ruins . aswell as an ancient ritual site of some sort . finally we found a suitable tree to climb . the view was amazing . we set up a hammock and enjoyed the rest of the day swinging above the park .
today , we went on a bike and camping trip . we found a remote part of the park . so , we set up our tents for the day . of course , we got only the best gourmet camp food . we walked for a little around our camp ground and found some animals , too .
they waited for the train to arrive . they were extremely anxious to see the skyline . and , suddenly , they were passing by the city 's skyline . it was a beautiful site , and everyone began to take pictures . after they departed the train , they were happy with their trip .
there was so much devastation after the hurricane . from one of the higher buildings i could see the devastation better . there were old shops that now had graffiti on them . some houses had the doors ripped off . there was so much garbage lining the streets afterwards .
we took pictures of the old church today . this lion was [female] 's favorite . we found these cats in one of the empty rooms . this bear was round the back . this archway led to more houses behind the church .
i went to the farm last weekend . the drive was long but i saw a boat in the canal . there were many flower fields . i stopped at one of them . i stayed there for an hour picking flowers .
i took a trip to location . there was more to see even away from the canals . i found this church to be really nice but i did not get to go inside . i took a stroll along the canal every day . here is another picture of a church , or perhaps it was a castle . anyway it was gorgeous .
under the pavilion , a band performed . the sounds of acoustic guitars filled the air . a man used several trained birds to put on a show . the owl was clearly very well trained . a handmade flower crown would make a lovely keepsake .
[male] was having his birthday party today . he was turning 21 ! he looked happy that a lot of us had showed up . a lot of our friends were around to celebrate his party . [male] told the best of jokes for the night , our friends were in stitches . at the end of the night , we enjoyed some drinks and dancing .
there is a lot of art work that can be viewed . this art piece includes chicks and would be great for easter . the easter bunny is posed with the duck . this card is very unique and has a vintage feel . finally this easter card has chicks on it .
[male] thought gearing up for camping was a big hassle . and , then there was all the walking . the packs were heavy , the trail was long . but , when he made it to the campsite , he enjoyed seeing his friends . and , sitting around the campfire .
there were lots of pretty flowers . just outside the karate show . everyone was there . there was lots of butt kicking . ninjas in the making .
we met a bike gang on our way to the next town . they were nice and introduced themselves to us . they showed us a beautiful flower garden . it was great to smell the fresh flowers . we watched them drive off and show off their skills .
today josh got his face painted . he was a cat . [male] wanted to have his face painted too . so we made him a pink cat . they both wanted to find eggs . so we hid all different colored eggs around the house . [female] found two but was unhappy about the small hunting area so they all got dressed . outside they went ! playing and finding eggs for the rest of the day .
i recently attended a bridal shower with my best friend . this is a picture of her with her sister . this was her mother and mother-in-law to be . we also had a great dinner that evening . i got a picture with myself , the birde to be and her mother , it was a great day .
a group of young students are enjoying themselves on a school trip . they are visiting a book fair . everyone is enjoying looking at the interesting books on offer . these two boys have found an interesting book about animals . everyone is encouraged to read aloud .
the spectators are watching a biking show . the first people begin to pedal their bikes for the spectators afterwards , everyone comes out to celebrate the crowd is very pleased with the celebration the best float comes out last and the day is over .
very nice sunset where the light is cascading over the lake [male] of emptiness makes me feel lonely the beach was full of vacationers this reminded me of burning man in the desert they had made these tents out of plastic materials
there was an emergency situation after the storm . many trees had fallen and , a building was damaged . the damage to the building was very severe . cars nearby were damaged as well . luckily , the police were nearby to help .
when i was visiting my dad , he dragged out his old wedding pictures . there were pictures of him and my mom when they were young . they looked so in love . he also had pictures of us when we were a young family . in the pictures , mom and dad look so happy .
[male] is a strange guy . his best friend in the world is his orange cat , loopie . he has the same breakfast every morning -- -waffles and coffee . you 'd think he 'd get bored of the waffles and black coffee , but he never does . when he 's done , he tosses everything in the sink . eventually , the sink jams , and he has to take everything out from under it and do some heavy drain work .
[male] and [female] looking lovely as ever . [male] in a record store in the late 80s . here is the love birds at some restaurant in japan . they had some good times together they stayed together forever . the two love birds at a vacation in the rocky mountains in the summer of 96 .
on vacation , we spent a lot of time walking the area near the beach . the beach stretched for miles and miles . one day , we went up to the area of the town at the higher elevation to look down at the shore . the shops and overall area here was very clean . at the top of the mountain was a landing strip and heliport ; we left by helicopter to fly to the next island on our last day there .
a large crowd gathers at the cathedral . a stunning display of the cathedral . an immense crowd waits outside patiently of the cathedral . i 'm having a great day sightseeing so far . this is a different and older building .
we get kinda loud when we 're practicing . so we jam in our cabin out in the woods . we have a portable generator and an uninterruptible power supply to run the instruments and sound board . a fireplace keeps up warm . see you this weekend at the club ! until then we 're gon na jam at our little cabin in the woods .
our trip to location was amazing . we got to see so many historic buildings . the artwork was so stunning to see in person . the cities were so beautiful and full of life . we had such a great time on our trip !
it was her 10th birthday and the family got together . mom made this pretty cake for her to celebrate . she took photos of it with her daughters . and finally cut the cake so they could eat . afterward the family took a nice pose together .
the ocean created a beautiful view from the coast . there were plenty of animals around . there was also many different flowers . the signs were very unique . we made sure to read every sign .
there were plenty of people at the pool party . we invited all of our friends . there was also a diving board . afterward we went to the bar to hang out . i really had to brush my teeth .
we went downttown on a snowy day . the walkways were clear and safe to walk . snow covered just about everything else though . we say a huge victorian house . the house looked beautiful in the snow .
kids are enjoying the rides at the county fair . a little kid is helping his father by sweeping up the hay . a boy is looking at a white horse and wants to pet it . a man at the fair is about to take center stage and strum his guitar . a worker at the fair is waiting for customers to try to win a stuffed animal .
it was a beautiful saturday , so i hopped into my convertible for drive around the location location area . once i made it to the location location location , i knew that i getting close to my ultimate destination . i headed towards the 101 south to find my favorite driving location . finally , i was joyfully driving along the twisting roads that followed the coastline . at the end of the day , i stopped to take a photo of my favorite car with the city and bridge as a stunning backdrop .
many people attended the demonstration . it was peaceful , and the weather was nice . the gentleman wore his uniform and carried flags to make a statement . flags were a prevalent part of the display . at the end of the day , everyone left the demonstration satisfied with it 's activities .
the theme for wes ' birthday was aliens . i did pizza to keep it simple . doing it outdoors minimized the mess too . i chose the park . they all seemed to love it .
we took our honeymoon vacation in location . we stayed at a beautiful hotel that had authentic hulu dancing . there was live music throughout the day was well . at night fire dancers provided live entertainment . every morning , we woke up to a beautiful sunrise and a wonderful day of adventures ahead .
it was the day of the open house . the realtor hired a decorator to stage the house . every room looked lovely . the basement , she left to their imaginations . as she drove away , she felt sure she would get an offer by the time she got back to her office .
a very unique parade is taking place in town today . lots of creative floats and costumes are included in the parade . how do people even come up with these outfits ? for example , this is a flock of peacock chicks and they are all following a giant peacock float . look at this peacock float . where do these ideas come from ?
[male] loved this big tree located in the cows pasture . the birds loved it as well because , you see , there was a secret bird feeder on the tree that they would feed from . after feeding from the secret bird feeder , they would fly off over the lake and into the clouds .
while vacationing in location , we were abducted by a time share company , that just wanted a few hours of our time . it turns out organization organization and this time share company are working together , and they had a great deal . they showed us slides of ducks , water , and great buildings to live in . after a bit too long , the crowd became restless , and wanted their freedom . finally officer [male] busted down the door and freed the captive audience . we were grateful .
nobody better mess with her as she displays her favorite gift . these ladies have a lot of fun shopping for tonight 's gathering . you better watch out as he has you in his sights . he smiles on happily as he arrives at the big party . his amusement is apparent as he looks on at the party .
i went to the concert last week . the music they were playing was great . they had decorated the entire place with christmas lights . the singer was very talented . i spent all night there with my friends .
friends and family having a get together eating and drinking wine . some friends are acting silly near the end of dinner . a silly friend puts a couple of tissues up his nose . then his friend gets up onto the table to act all big and bad . all he can do is laugh as she sits back down . such a good time with friends .
i attended an important meeting at organization organization . my coach announced the president of the school will be hosting the meeting . and low and behold there she was , a very important female in power organization organization is one of the most prestigious schools though it has a conservative look . we took a tour around the school and i 'm considering transferring here !
the racers whizzed by faster than a gust of wind . a line of slow bikers came by very slow . i never went to a bike race before this day . i stood by the finish line in anticipation of a good picture . a man named [male] won the race .
it was grandpa 's birthday , so all of the family decided to come celebrate . grandma had so much fun playing with her grandchildren . the little kids were happy at first , but they were getting hungry . grandma tried to distract them by playing games with them . at the end of the day , they brought out a cake for grandpa and ate so much cake !
there were many of my girlfriend 's at the party . we all took pictures next to the balloons . the fire was well lit in the venue . my girlfriend wanted a picture with her mom . she wore her lucky pink heels .
this city is a tourist haven during the summer , thanks to the warm weather and clear ocean water . even the hotels focus on the water activities for fun . this huge swimming pool is a great example of the fun in the water that is had in the area . boat rides in the river provide another water type form of entertainment . when people are all water logged , they can take the bus into town for shopping and eating . cool unique restaurants are everywhere in the area . the entrance to this eatery is a perfect example of how style and fun are the forefront of the downtown city area .
the cross is located on the back wall of the church . the preacher stands at the font with a microphone . he also has a laptop in front of him . [male] is on a cross at the back of the church . finally the preacher closes his sermon .
a couple take a trip to a town to have a vacation . there are people in the streets that play music . there are boaters and also boats that give boat rides . there are attractions like ferris wheels to ride and other things to do to entertain . there are palaces and buildings you can go in and explore . there are many things to see .
i was very late to class today because i slept in too long . when i got to school there was nobody walking around because class was already in session . the art students always make strange things . when i got to class the instructor was busy teaching and nobody noticed i was late . i had to stay in class for the next few hours while trying not to fall asleep again .
this is the front of a very old building , looks like it may be a museum . once inside i realized it is a museum with so many interesting pieces of old tradition . there were 3 floors and each of them with themes of all kinds of cultures . this piece has a very egyptian vibe to it , its powerful . this one has a very roman greek feel to it and is equally beautiful to the rest .
just the girls getting together celebrating a friends last night as a single woman in this fun bridal shower . sharing some great laughs before dinner . watching this eye catching chef cook our food with this enormous flame . cheese ... this is my bridal shower . the girls hanging out and dancing to some music .
the peeps came in a box and then in packages . they were huge and filled with yellow . it was so much to eat .
this organization pilot must have been backed into something . you can see dents and scratched around the fender . there are further scrapes on the body of the car . this panel will need to be painted to eliminate the scratches and damage . even the tailpipe was crushed in the accident .
there was a parade in town today . they had this big bull statue in the town square . people even dressed up in these really cool costumes . however , some of the costumes were really freaky . all in all , everyone seemed like they had a great time .
i walked down a narrow road between fresh trees . the local library looked nice with a giant tree in front . the government building looked just like the ones in location . i approached the library from the front . i took one more photo before i went in the library and read a couple books .
we saw some unique motorcycles like this at the show today . this one looks easy to control . then we saw someone 's custom truck nearby . we asked the truck driver for a lift , and he took us to a lot with more motorcycles . after that , we stopped by the store for some snacks and drinks .
[female] got out of the car to go to her marathon . everyone was already lined up . she was almost late ! she was number 2270 . she put the number sticker on her shirt . everyone started running as the announcer said `` start ! '' [female] kept a good pace , and may not have come in first . but she was just happy to finish .
[male] enjoyed his trip to location . he rode the subway . the park was lit by the light of the moon . the water reflected the lights off the building . the best part of the trip was seeing the location location .
the man prepares his ballon . he is blowing it up now . it is going up in the air . two are flying up there now . they are going on a journey .
the bay was filling up with boats , everyone wanted the best spot to watch the fireworks . the fur children were not as excited . we invited friends over for a casual party . the balcony provided a great view . the fireworks were beautiful , especially since we did n't have to brave the crowds .
he spent a great deal of time online . he had met a girl on organization . at least he thought it was a girl . she had a lovely picture on her profile . finally he got up the nerve to ask her out and it was a great success .
the office was very organized . a sign outside said where to go . current events were on the bulletin board . there was a great view from the window . lots of important people worked in the building throughout history .
our business was very proud . we had quite a party ! we all love posing for that picture . that was quite the dinner . i will never forget this day .
it was the fourth of july and we waited for the sun to set so the fireworks could begin . there were many different types of fireworks . some were in different shapes . others were rainbow colored . the 'grand finale ' was spectacular .
the arch was made of exotic woods and hand painted tiles . one wall had a mural of the disciples . the pews had hymnals for every other seat . oddly , there was a menorah in the church . at the alter was another mural of [male] and his disciples .
let 's go skating through location . good times dodging cabbies in location location . riding through location . no buses in the bus lane . it 's the skating lane now . keep on the line and we do n't get hit .
the happy couple were throwing an independence day party . bloody marys were the drink of choice the public beach as a bit of a walk . this year no one lost a hand or an eye . yay ! a carefully planned simultaneous launch ended the evening .
after awhile things started to get blurry . i glanced around thinking that the blur was a result of the dim lights . awkward projections presented themselves onto a canvas , making body parts seem transparent . my vision continued to worsen throughout the night , even after [male] opened his gifts . finally i had to turn on the lights , realizing that the darkness was at fault for my strange vision .
i went down to the market yesterday . i bought a huge hot dog while i was there . there were a ton of other people there as well . i walked by some kind of presentation while i was there . there were some people playing tennis as well .
there was a large crowd in the bar . he was dressed in his finest for the night . he wanted pictures with all the guests . it seemed just more and more people kept coming . the night was a success and everyone was having fun .
my boyfriend and i tried a new restaurant last night . i had the scallops and they were great . he had a fish dish that he liked . desert was beautifully presented and was delicious . we decided that we would eat there again .
last night i attended a concert . it was really cool . everybody showed much love . they really enjoyed the concert and gave their thumbs up . the lighting changed colors adding to the effect .
last week we went on a nature walk . we saw how water eroded rock away . we also saw lots of shrubbery . we walked along a dirt path . then we piled into the car and drove home .
we attended a christmas village today . there were many stores . the stores sold many location location dolls . there was one of santa claus playing the violin . they even sold his outfits !
about to get on the train . taking a train ride to the shore . the view from the train . family day at the beach . boy about to go fishing .
my aunt gave me a toy dinosaur to play with . my brother and i played with a toy car . my sister helped me find lots of eggs for the easter egg hunt . after we found the eggs i ate some easter candy . everyone sat and talked about future plans .
our city is really a lovely place . even the graffiti is done in good taste . paintings on the building depicting beautiful people . and gorgeous statues . and who could resist the baby penguin named [female] ?
i went on my first airplane ride . the view was stunning . once we got above the clouds it was even prettier . it 's amazing how you can see the curve of the earth . the coast looked incredible form high up .
today we went on our summer trip . we went out to the desert for hiking . my family and i were so excited and met new people . we even had time to ride the bike . it was a fun trip and so much new scenery .
they prepared to get all of the files into the database . first they pulled out all of the folders from the cabinets . then they stacked them up and got them ready to be entered . after that , they began entering data into the database . when they were done , they had no files left to enter .
everyone is gathered at the water to go crab fishing . this man thinks he has a great line for catching crabs . looks like someone got one . once you get them you have to put them somewhere they ca n't get out . she does n't want to take any pictures right now .
the annual parade is growing each and every year . i found this parade entry to be quite entertaining . the narrow roads were filled with people . it was so hot , that some of the parade watchers moved their party to the beach . as the final parade entry passed , the crowd was pleased .
this quiet , seaside town was the perfect site for me to work on my book . i rented a bicycle and a room in this cottage . most days i was in my room upstairs , writing my story . my neighbor lived here , and she helped me type my work . when i needed a break or needed inspiration , i 'd bicycle around town , admiring the laid-back lifestyle .
we watched a mardi gras parade this weekend . folks were wearing beads to celebrate . they had the special cake too . there were lots of floats passing by . all of them were very colorful , and had music playing .
it 's christmas time , let 's get a tree . the worst part of decorating ... .detangling the lights from last year . black and silver christmas balls this year . and of course ca n't forget the cute kitty decorations . and last but not least , a star at the top .
the tour de location was starting to kick off . there were bikes everywhere . we even saw some riders out warming up . we saw sven jorgenborg warming up . it was so fun to see the winners at the end .
little [male] and [female] are having such fun together ! my sister [female] watched the little kids like a hawk , so grateful for that . [female] loves her uncle [male] to death ! he tells the best jokes . [male] looked a little upset with the snacks , but i 'm sure he 'll warm up . the cake looked amazing ! i ca n't thank [female] enough for her bakery !
it was easter time again , and the mcdonald family farm . the mcdonald family was ecstatic . every year the kids paint their faces for fun . [male] loves to use pink paint . the eggs are decorated and colored by the children in the early morning . then the kids hunt for the eggs . [female] here won the contest finding a total of 18 eggs ! [female] played a game by herself and everyone had a fantastic fun filled day .
location location is the best place to stop on a road trip for snacks . we are sure to get ice cream first . when you are on vacation , you get to eat dessert first . after that is hot dogs and soda and fries . the adults get a shot of coffee for the long drive . and we always get a picture with [male] before we leave .
the small cakes were a success . people loved the versatility . you could get just one or get a lot . you could stack them and arrange them to your individual liking . they called them mini cakes instead of cup cakes .
the sisters had a wonderful time on their vacation at the lake . they were acting silly , posing in front of the gorgeous sunset . at night , it was time to meet friends at a local restaurant . every day , they swam in the lake . but they still had time to cook together in their vacation home .
dinner started with soup and drinks . we got to go into the kitchen and see the sea monster we would be eating for dinner . i have never seen a crab so big in my life . we could n't wait to dig into all this amazing food . fruit was a perfect end to the meal . i was so full .
our adventure at location started here . we are ready to go to the park this is what we see from afar . i saw this tree by the water and had to take a picture . we stopped to play some games . this is the game where i won a big stuffed animal . what a great day .
the people are at a rifle class . they need to take these classes to legally shoot at the range . they are learning how to load the gun . they 're working on how to hold the guns . after target practice they hold up their targets to show their shots .
the animals were hiding near the water . when they came out to go to the shore and see the people .
i used a wide angle lens to capture the club exterior . we were the first to arrive . this dj is infamous and draws a rowdy crowd every time . my two closest friends in the world are still inseparable . it 's not a party until these troublemakers show up ! for the final song i was allowed to dj . it was so much fun !
smoking a cigar . friend taking food , about to eat . picture with girlfriend . having fun and smoking a cigar . picture of friends having fun together and smoking cigars .
we visited a park during the winter . the path was clear and easy to walk on . ducks swam in the chilly pond . views of the pond were breathtaking . a fence surrounded the park .
high school basketball is fun to watch the kids play for the love of the game and not money sometimes you catch a really good game those kids practice all the time and they take it seriously
the outdoor scenery in the city was beautiful . there lots of parks were dogs were playing . as well as historical statues . there was a large group of people gathered around an area . it appeared there was some type of ice skating event going on .
i was out on vacation last weekend . there were a ton of old buildings there . i had a great time . there was a huge lake as well . i had trouble reading some of the signs .
this mother seal is giving birth . she will push until the baby is delivered . once out the baby will lay there and get its strength up until it can move about . then you can see how the baby starts looking around for mom . in no time flat the baby is up and ready to go .
the late snowfall would probably kill the plants . it was n't very deep enough to kill the pesky weeds that grew close the the gazebo . for some reason the snow was deeper in his backyard . across the water he could see the island had very little snow . in some places you could see the grass and the poor birds scrounged for food .
[male] visited location mall to see the president speak . there was a large crowd of people . almost as far as the eye can see . there were even people from location there . there were tv screens to make it easier to view the president .
a trip to the local lake for some water fun . mom maneuvered the canoe by herself like a pro ! the boys were in perfect sync with their rowing . dad fell out of his canoe . mom looked on laughing at dads misfortune .
we went to the beach and snapped quite a few pictures , i loved this one of the water splashing against the rocks . foamy white water rapids were just calling out to us to kayak . we saw this deer on our hiking path , it was very photogenic . we were able to snap the perfect picture of this bird in the tree . we found some otters goofing off in the water too .
it is [female] 's welcome home party . she had been visiting family in location , but now has returned to location . the party was located at a local bar . [female] loves this bar and considers it her home . many people have turned out for the party . [female] is trying to get [female] 's attention . [female] and some of her friends have a good laugh . she is happy to be back home and in location . time for arm wrestling . [male] says he is the champion for this competition .
we were leaving for our trip today . many other people were gathering to wait for the tour bus . so many people had luggage to go on trips . the wait for the bus was long , but we knew it would be worth it . the bus is here ! time to go on our vacation !
our trip to location was so much fun . the architecture was beautiful . my favorite thing to see was the location location . he was just excited to be back home . we even saw some snow while we were there .
